Serge Ibaka -- the Oklahoma City Thunder forward who was born in the Congo but played in Spain -- has been granted Spanish citizenship and will play for the country in EuroBasket this summer, the event where spots in the 2012 Olympics will be decided.
MILAN -Catania held Roma to a 1-1 draw in Serie A on Wednesday as the teams played out the remaining 25 minutes of a game that was called off last month.
State Street Corporation, a provider of investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading services, has launched a new investment servicing solution to support small to mid-sized asset managers with their investment operations needs.
Massey Energy, the fourth largest coal company in the country, could have its corporate charter revoked if public interest organizations have their way.
Foundation for MetroWest has awarded $55,000 in grants to 37 food pantries across the region, drawing on two of its funds that provide winter assistance to families in need.
Wong won't rule out super raid Updated: 08:17, Tuesday March 26, 2013 Finance Minister Penny Wong has declined to rule out axing tax concessions for superannuation in the May budget.
TINY 'robots' that can be dropped into an industrial process to report any problems are being developed by a Woolston company.
Jordan and South Korea have pledged to cooperate on nuclear regulatory issues as part of an agreement signed on Saturday.
Just after the Fourth of July holiday, and only a week after the city's budget has been completed, City Council Member Robert Jackson will hold two town hall meetings in cooperation with several other Northern Manhattan elected officials.
Tim Cowlishaw made a bad joke and now the MMA blogosphere is lighting torches and sharpening pitchforks.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Monday he had discussed the car industry crisis with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but had not talked about any specific amount of aid for General Motors.
Fun and food are two ways to help Children's Hospital of Illinois during the month of July.
Police have denied fears that emergency response times will increase due to a forthcoming restructure.
Little Rock - Governor Mike Beebe today announced his intent to grant six pardons.
Andrzej Fonfara defeated Glen Johnson with a unanimous decision victory, which was enough to convince Johnson that he should retire from the sport of boxing.
England manager Fabio Capello is refusing to get carried away with thoughts of qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals despite watching his side record a fourth successive victory.
A former Gulf Breeze Police officer is being arrested this morning on sexual battery and unlawful compensation charges, according to Gulf Breeze Deputy Chief of Police Robert Randle.
An Abilene teenager was killed early Sunday in a one-car wreck just east of Chapman.
The screenings identify people at high risk for stroke, abdominal aortic aneurysm, peripheral vascular disease, and osteoporosis.
West Indies spinner Sulieman Benn bowled a marathon, uninterrupted spell of 33 overs on the first day of the first Test against England on Wednesday to dispel many of the question marks over his ability.
A Dutch physiotherapist has claimed that he uses two miniature pigs to help his patients in Germany.
Strictly Come Dancing increased its lead over The X Factor in the Saturday night day ratings last night.
The Times Square bombing suspect pleaded guilty Monday to a terror plot hoping to maim and kill those in the international tourist destination and American landmark.
Boxer Lamont Peterson failed a drug test, putting a May 19 light-welterweight rematch in Las Vegas against former title holder Amir Khan in doubt, a Nevada boxing official said Tuesday.
Britain would be justified to withdraw the Royal wedding invitation that has been extended to a representative of Robert Mugabe√¢‚Ç¨‚Ñ¢s regime as the Evening Standard has revealed.
Intermec Inc., which makes electronic devices for tracking inventory, plans to cut 150 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force.
Narain Karthikeyan of Team India finished 10th in both sprint and features at the A1 Grand Prix motorsport race here Sunday.
Today's celebrity pictures include a demure Rita Ora in a white halter-neck gown as she attends the Bergdorf Goodman 111th anniversary celebration in New York.
South Africa must continue with the stimulus package it has adopted as a response to the financial crisis, Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan said on Sunday.
State Representative Dan Gattis has proposed a law that would allow police officers to draw the blood of suspected drunk drivers without a warrant.
Roger Chapin, the self-described ``nonprofit entrepreneur'' whose four-decade career pushing numerous, widely disparate causes has drawn controversy and Congressional scrutiny, has struck again.
What ever happened to David Archuleta?
South African boxer Francois Botha will undergo a public drug test in the wake of doping allegations against him made by the connections of Sonny Bill Williams.
President Barack Obama took the first steps on the road to the 2012 elections on Friday, presiding over the first of many fund-raising events to ensure his Democrats can compete against the Republicans.
American and Russian military leaders met Tuesday for unannounced talks in Finland, discussing Georgia, the Black Sea and Afghanistan, officials said.
The Kentucky Speedway says it has sold out of grandstand tickets for its inaugural Sprint Cup race on July 9.
Former Irish prime minister Garret FitzGerald, who signed a landmark agreement on Northern Ireland in the 1980s, has died in a Dublin hospital after a short illness, his family have announced.
The family of three tried to cross a flooded road, but ended up dying.
A Christian body in Kolkata will probe the Rouvanjit Rawla suicide case by setting an independent enquiry to ascertain truth behind the entire murky episode.
Some 81% of adult Bulgarians oppose the legalization of soft drugs, including marijuana, according to a survey conducted by the National Center for Study of Public Opinion.
Bombay Talkies, the much celebrated movie by Ashi Dua, that claimed to celebrates 100 years of cinema has earned a total of Rs. 5.05 crore in the opening weekend.
TRIALLIST Peter Gilbert is this week hoping to earn a contract with Coventry City FC.
SnoringIsntSexy.com, a patient information site and directory of dentists who provide oral appliance therapy for snoring and sleep apnea, has added sleep health professional listings to its directory.
In a victory for the video game industry and free speech advocates, the Supreme Court has struck down a California law banning the sale of ``violent'' video games to minors.
A WOMAN accused of stalking James and Erica Packer will face court later this year over allegations she twice breached an interim Apprehended Violence Order.
Cardinals reliever Ryan Franklin has apologized for criticizing St. Louis fans after they booed him.
President Mahmoud Abbas proposed cancelling the Oslo Accords with Israel at a weekend meeting of the Palestinian leadership, a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organization told AFP on Tuesday.
A CHEF who kicked a child in the head has been given a community order.
Business Process Outsourcing company Adventity has partnered another BPO firm Fostera, promoted to set up a rural BPO unit in Krishnagiri in Tamil Nadu.
Genpact Limited, a leader in the globalization of services and technology and a pioneer in managing business processes for companies around the world, has announced that it acquired a delivery center in Guatemala City from GE Money, a division of the General Electric Company on August 14, 2008.
COBBLERS boss Aidy Boothroyd has praised chairman David Cardoza for 'pushing the boat out' to secure the recent acquisitions of Clive Platt and Alex Nicholls.
Dedham Square business owners want open communication with town officials and the project's contractor once construction begins on the multimillion-dollar Dedham Square Improvements Project.
Former NSW health minister Reba Meagher has formally resigned from her seat of Cabramatta, paving the way for a by-election next month.
Home sales fell 17 percent in the Riverside/San Bernardino area in February, compared with the same period a year ago, and the median home price fell 27.2 percent to $289,660, according to figures released today.
Duke University is holding a lecture, panel discussion and master class about the art of flamenco, which has a history that involves more than its Spanish influence.
Toktogul reservoir water volume accumulated remains stable, according to the press service of Electric Stations Company.
Riverdance creator and movie actress Jean Butler is set to launch her new debut jewellery collection in Dublin this weekend.
Islands made out thick, tall reeds are surfacing on Saguaro Lake northeast of Phoenix creating hazardous conditions for boaters.
Greenpeace has just released the ninth edition of its Guide to Greener Electronics, revealing that toxic elements still exist in new computers despite manufacturers' abilities to produce smaller instruments without the offending materials.
The City and Borough of Juneau Assembly may give the library its own department tonight.
Scientists at Newcastle University claim they have created human sperm using embryonic stem cells..
A 45-year-old Whitehouse man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations in the Eastern District of Texas announced US Attorney John M. Bales today.
Tata Motors Ltd. has cut production of some vehicle models due to lower demand, but expects sales to rebound after September, a senior company executive said Wednesday.
There's a good match in the World Cup today, so you need to make sure you check out Netherlands vs Denmark streaming online free if you want to see a great game!
Tech Mahindra has evolved rapidly over the last five years, executing an IPO and gradually reducing reliance on one of its founders, BT.
Bangladesh continues to lose edge in tea exports because of increasing domestic consumption that takes up around 90 percent of annual production, a reversal of a two-decade trend.
Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown said ``Thank God'' Thursday when asked to respond to his likely Senate challenger Elizabeth Warren's joke that she, unlike Brown, kept her clothes on while in college.
Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Wednesday that Iran will never give up uranium enrichment activities.
Twenty five per cent of professional drivers report sleep disorder in a Swedish study, raising safety concerns.
Premiership League giants Arsenal FC will be supporting a new education project in China, as the club prepares for its pre-season tour of the Far East in July.
For the first time since spraining his MCL against the Philadelphia Eagles in week three, New York Giants safety Kenny Phillips returned to the positional portion of practice on Thursday.
Grand Prairie police say according to witnesses a young man celebrating his 22nd birthday fatally shot his mother's boyfriend.
Four bogus physicians for human rights from the USA and Britain who came to Zimbabwe on the pretext that they were donors on a mission to assess the health situation in the country have been exposed.
US stocks are poised for a choppy week, as investors look to a string of economic reports for any signs of slowing growth that might spur the US Federal Reserve or European Central Bank to take action.
The theme of the event will be ``The global energy market following the economic crisis''.
A trial date was set Wednesday for a former Greece police officer accused of coercing a woman into sex.
Recently, actor Suniel Shetty, who witnessed India's win over Pakistan in semi-finals at Mohali, lashed out at Afridi for calling Indians ``bad host.''
Albert Montanes successfully defended his Estoril Open title with a 6-2, 6-7, 7-5 victory over unseeded Frederico Gil of Portugal in Sunday's final.
Acting Labour Minister Chris Finlayson says the Government will consider introducing a corporate manslaughter charge in New Zealand as a way to deter companies from breaching health and safety rules.
Various Congresscritters are suggesting that Hamas should be banned from Twitter.
A soldier home on leave after being injured in Afghanistan was refused a room by a hotel when he showed his military ID card at reception.
``Well, we both love a good bangda fry,'' she admits.
Quidco.com, the UK's number one cashback and voucher code website, has reached one million members.
Long Beach police shot and wounded an armed and off-duty Los Angeles police officer early Wednesday after he allegedly ignored orders to drop his gun, authorities said.Officer Jason Geggie was shot after Long Beach officers responded to a call about a person brandishing a gun while walking down the street, Long Beach police said.Long Beach police Sgt. Dina Zapalski said Geggie pointed a gun toward officers.
College students in Tokushima Prefecture, Shikoku Island, have designed a new astronomy card game to help promote the subject.
US global security giant Lockheed Martin said on Wednesday it will cut approximately 1200 US jobs as part of a restructuring within its electronics systems business area.
But why do some people run into problems later on, developing lactose intolerance?
A Mazda pickup truck flipped on Route 2 Thursday in a mid-morning crash after the driver failed to see another truck with a horse trailer approaching.
Material Girl, seems to be in awe of her, as she thinks Madonna is a 'fantastic mother'.
Boeing Co said on Thursday it made its ``best and final'' contract offer to its largest labor union, including concessions the aerospace manufacturer hopes will help avert a strike.
Publishing and events group Informa said takeover talks with a consortium are continuing as it posted a slide in half-year profits.
Egypt recently allocated $1 billion to invest in broadband internet infrastructure, with the goal of boosting internet subscribers by 4 million come 2014, according to a Euromonitor International report issued in July.
ZumoDrive, a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of technology that connects consumers to their content on any mobile device, has raised $1.5 million in new VC funding.
Toyota is to invest $50m in US electric car company Tesla Motors, as the two firms announced a joint partnership to build electric vehicles.
Malawi has banned maize exports to all countries, except Zimbabwe to ensure it has sufficient stocks to feed over a million people who lost their crops due to floods earlier this year, its Minister of Trade and Industry said Wednesday.
My friend has started an annoying habit of always having to have one up on me, even if it's about bad things happening.
Mobile operator Orange Romania has lowered tariffs for mobile internet and also increased speeds, according to Romanian newspaper Ziarul Financiar.
Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon has had his suspension reduced one game.
Halle Berry leads Bond Oscars tribute Updated: 05:45, Tuesday February 26, 2013 Halle Berry and Dame Shirley Bassey paid tribute to the James Bond films at the Academy Awards last night, but none of the 007 actors appeared on stage.
NYC tech campus plan gets lawmakers' approval A plan to create a sleek campus for a high-tech, high-powered New York graduate school has gotten city lawmakers' approval.
A woman from Lycoming County has been charged with theft from her place of work.
Phillip Noyce will direct the indie police thriller ``Mixed Blood,'' with Samuel L. Jackson to co-star.
Portland Trail Blazers guard Brandon Roy missed his second-straight game with an injured knee on Thursday 18 November, and will also sit out for their game against the Utah Jazz on Saturday.
Worker confidence held steady in June, down just 0.3 of a point to 48, according to the Spherion Employee Confidence Index, which measures workers' confidence in their personal employment situation and optimism in the economic environment.
A man is seriously injured when he crashes his motorcycle early Sunday morning on Pawnee, just west of Rock Road.
Abu Dhabi police have asked motorists to park properly following the parking rules around mosques during Ramadan to maintain safety and traffic flow.
Highway 41 in Little Chute reopens after deadly crash on Monday.
Olympic gold medalist banned for the next two years for his failure to comply with out-of-competition dope testing.
Smashing Pumpkins are holding open auditions for a bassist and a keyboardist.
Oct 21 - Tajikistan does not produce drugs and is at the forefront of combating this evil, Tajik President Emomali Rakhmon said at the opening ceremony of the ministerial conference Border Management and Drug Control in Central Asia on Tuesday.
The body of a youth was found lying under suspicious circumstances by the side of railway tracks near the main circle of BC Road here on Thursday January 19.
Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of leading global telecom equipment provider Alcatel Lucent in the Chinese mainland, is said to trigger an unpaid leave plan.
Dick Ebersol resigned Thursday as the chairman of NBC Sports after unsuccessful negotiations on a new contract, The New York Times reported.
At a book signing for Eleven Rings, 13-time NBA champion Phil Jackson told a fan that he's picking the Spurs to win the NBA Finals.
The market for security systems has been impacted by economic recession that resulted in a decline in the construction output and rising unemployment.
A study released Monday said that obese Americans spend about 42 percent more on health care than normal-weight persons.
A FORMER head boy of Cockermouth Grammar School was found dead in his Workington flat last week.
People with iPads download five times as many apps as all Android tablets combined, another stark reminder of how much Apple dominates the tablet market.
The Grizzlies have made a qualifying offer to restricted free agent Rudy Gay, their longest-tenured player.
Pfizer is selling its nutrition business to Nestlé for $11.85 billion, Pfizer said Monday.
Now, United Airlines will give frequent-flier miles for gift cards.
In a turn of events, Jef's brother reportedly outed Emily and went on the record to confirm Emily did in fact cheat on Jef!
Kristen Stewart has revealed that she wanted to ``be the best'' vampire in the final instalment of the Twilight movie saga.
With three weeks to go before the ``American Idol'' final, Lambert, 27, is favored to win the No. 1 US television talent show and become, possibly, the first gay or bisexual singer to be handed the ``Idol'' title by millions of Americans.
Rondo was named to the Eastern Conference All-Star team Wednesday night, replacing injured Atlanta Hawks guard Joe Johnson.
With the advent of good weather many cookbook authors offer their tips and recipes for grilling.
The Cowboys and Austin agreed to a six-year extension through the 2016 season on Thursday, just three days before the fifth-year player's first season opener as a starter.
MetroPCS announced new simpler 4G LTE plans that ``deliver more value and offer the most affordable unlimited 4G LTE available.''
The city will receive a $69,232 federal grant to crack down on gangs, US Rep. J. Randy Forbes announced Thursday.
Then, in typically humble fashion, he returned to south Louisiana this week to take part in the Manning Passing Academy.
A witness told police that a boy crossing the street on his way to the Whittier Middle School walked into the side of a passing car, injuring his left arm and right side of his face yesterday morning.
Russia may not join a new global deal to fight climate change if it is against Moscow's interests and will set a national mid-term target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions next year, an official said on yesterday.
Partial win for Penske in NASCAR penalties appeal Penske Racing celebrated a small victory Tuesday when NASCAR's chief appellate officer issued a mixed ruling on penalties levied against the team.
Troy Brouwer left the game with an apparent right shoulder injury with 13:07 remaining in the third period of the Chicago Blackhawks' game against the Canadiens on Tuesday night.
You read that right, Jose Canseco is back in professional baseball after being formally introduced by the Worcester Tornadoes of theCanadian-American LeagueMonday.
The Lakers announced Thursday that tickets for individual games for this season will go on sale Saturday at 10 am and can be purchased at all Ticketmaster outlets, online at Ticketmaster.com and by calling 462-2849.
``I don't think we missed McGrath because he hasn't played in the last one year.
BBC Worldwide has pacted with Italy's Mediaset to launch its first fully localized, dubbed bespoke channel in Western Europe.
Lindsay Lohan's father claims she has had ``an epiphany'' in rehab.
The Russell 2000 futures are rising and the small-cap index will open in the green despite news of bank writedowns.
Welterweight contender Thomas Dulorme, who in his most recent fight lost his undefeated record on October 27 via a seven-round TKO to Argentina's Luis Carlos Abregu, will return to action in February at a weight of 143 pounds in order to try to campaign in 2013 in the junior welterweight division, according to his coach Jose Bonilla.
The Foreign Ministry called on Bahraini citizens in Indonesia to be cautious following the earthquakes which hit some parts of the country.
One in three women have taken anti-depressants at some point in their lives, researchers say.
Scott Murray was overwhelmed at the reception he recieved on Saturday after playing what is likely to be his last game at Ashton Gate.
Serena Williams survived a second-set wobble in the third round of the French Open on Saturday, but recovered her senses in time to beat Russia's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-1 1-6 6-2.
The mayor of Brownsville told a jury in his felony theft case that he did not steal a $26,000 check.
A man was taken to hospital last night after a street brawl in the North Ormesby area of Middlesbrough.
New poll results released on Thursday indicated presumed US Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney had gained an edge over President Obama for the first time since the primaries, showing the sluggish economy is hurting Obama's standing.
A Red Bluff man was reportedly attacked with a hammer and robbed of his wallet Thursday night on Jackson Street.
Dennis Bryant from CQ Master Builders says now is the best time to build a new home.
Electronic Arts Inc. announced that it had agreed to acquire the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a leading Korean mobile developer and publisher, best known for its mobile role-playing game, Heroes Lore.
US consumer confidence fell in the second quarter from early this year as slowing employment growth and an escalating euro zone crisis made Americans more cautious about the economic outlook, a survey showed on Monday.
Sacred Heart, Mystic Aquarium collaborate on crabs except they have been at it for nearly a half-billion years.
Paul O'Connell returns to the Munster team for the first time since he injured his knee last May.
District guardian minister Ajit Pawar handed over possession of 400 flats to slumdwellers of the Nigdi ota scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme on Saturday, amidst protests by the Bharatiya Janata Party that raised objections about the programme being held despite the H1N1 flu scare in the district.
The Lloyd's of London insurance market crashed to a first-half loss of 697 million pounds, weighed down by record claims from natural catastrophes including the March 11 Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
PCTEL, a provider of wireless network optimization solutions, has appointed Tony Kobrinetz as vice president of technology and operations.
In what promises to be a very exciting encounter, Wits are set to face Portugal on Wednesday June 9 in a friendly game.
Tanya Tucker, 53, has postponed a December concert because of undisclosed ``health concerns,'' according to the upstate New York newspaper the Oneonta Daily Star.
What I can't explain is why carpooling has declined 50% since 1980, even as traffic gets worse and gas gets more expensive.
A Manchester police officer was shot multiple times on Wednesday night and was listed in serious but stable condition at a city hospital, authorities said.
Top-ranked Deer Creek stayed alive with a 6-5 victory over fourth-ranked Claremore in the Class 5A State Baseball Tournament on Thursday night at Hinch Field.
Qantas records big lift in net profit Updated: 15:53, Thursday February 21, 2013 Qantas Airways shares have risen after the airline reported a hefty lift in first half net profit and an improved performance at its struggling international division.
Can you imagine how much gas is burned waiting for red lights to change?
Barack Obama was accused of putting his desire for re-election before America's national security on Monday, after being caught hinting to President Dmitry Medvedev that he would offer concessions to Russia on defence if he were re-elected.
Five immigrant boats have reached the coast of Murcia over recent days, with the latest two spotted as they were reaching separate beaches in Cartagena on Sunday.
A local girl was honored by the Lexington chapter of the Woodmen of the World on Thursday for saving her father's life this summer.
A day after the governor announced plans to slash $300 million from the education budget, state leaders said more cuts may be needed to keep the state out of the red.
Ariz. warned of second lawsuit Feds to use racial profiling as 'tools' against illegals law By Stephen Dinan The Obama administration could file yet another lawsuit against Arizona if it decides racial profiling is taking place under that state's new immigration law, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said.
Speakers discussed the various ways popular media could lend a hand in urban development.
The Greek state budget deficit reached 9.1 percent of GDP in 2011, down from 10.3 percent the previous year, the Greek Statistics Authority ELSTAT announced on Monday.
Mass layoffs rose in February, according to seasonally adjusted numbers released today by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics.
A local charity that gives away braces to kids in need has hit a major milestone -- 100 patients -- in a little less than three years in existence.
Newcastle defender Steven Taylor is set to miss the rest of the season after learning he needs surgery on his injured Achilles.
Almost four million euro in funding has been allocated to Galway city and county for housing adaptation grants.
The Australian share market is set to open lower after a fall on Wall Street due to lower consumer confidence.
President Barack Obama responds to a question at his first press conference since winning reelection in Nov. 2012.
A man made sexual remarks to two teenaged girls at the Mill Pond March 14, Halton police said.
General Motors confirmed yesterday that it has received three final offers for its Opel business which includes Vauxhall in the UK.
Gas utility GAIL India Ltd today said it would invest Rs 8,000 crore for laying three new gas pipelines by 2012.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are obviously dating, even though neither of them will admit to it.
A security guard shot a man who had been breaking into his vehicle, Houston police said.
Conservative activist and media leader Andrew Breitbart died early on Thursday from natural causes at age 43, according to an announcement on his website.
A man who never fully recovered from a motorbike accident died of a drug overdose, an inquest heard.
A judge has ruled that a man accused of drowning a woman in a bathtub last year is competent to stand trial.
Benefits of quitting outweigh the kilos Updated: 11:39, Wednesday March 13, 2013 Quitting smoking sharply reduces the risk of heart disease - even if kicking the habit comes along with a few extra pounds, according to a long-term study.
Asian stocks rose, paring a weekly decline for the benchmark index, on optimism over corporate earnings and as Japan pledged ā??appropriateā?? action to curb the yenā??s gains.
Asus' latest Transformer tablet, the quad-core Transformer Prime, has finally showed its face in some real reviews and although there are a couple of glitches, the Tegra 3, high-quality build and a good screen certainly make this one the best tablets around.
Boeing Co. has delivered its first 737 with engine fuel economy enhancements to a Chinese airline, the company said today.
Dunkin Donuts is giving out free coffee all day in Chicago today--limit one per person--as a thank you for the city's work in trying to secure the bid.
The UAE is not heading towards deflation even though prices are falling, Minister of Economy Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansouri said yesterday.
The victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the US were remembered a special ceremony in The Hague on Sunday, attended by prime minister Mark Rutte and the US ambassador to the Netherlands, Fay Hartog-Levin.
Plymouth is launching a new community watch program to keep its residents safe.
Aviation fuel sold at 6 NJ gas stations More than 80,000 gallons of aviation fuel that was mistakenly delivered to six gas stations in New Jersey is being removed from storage tanks.
Shaw Communications Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has declared monthly dividends of $0.073333 on Shaw''s Class B Non-Voting Participating Shares and $0.073125 on Shaw''s Class A Participating Shares, payable on each of December 30, 2010, January 28, 2011 and February 25, 2011 to all holders of record at the close of business December 15, 2010, January 15, 2011 and February 15, 2011, respectively.
A rabid squirrel, an ``extraordinarily rare'' condition for the species according to experts, attacked a Iowa woman last week.
The UALR volleyball team finished the three match weekend with a 3-0 sweep of Louisiana-Lafayette Sunday at the Jack Stephens Center.
Why are homeowners reporting that their glass door suddenly shattered?
The Indian market erased early gains to end modestly lower on Monday, as domestic concerns over inflation and interest rates and the debt issues in the US and European Union kept investors on the sidelines.
Two students Shanawaz and Abdulla of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial College were drowned in a pond near Nairkere, Udupi on wednesday.
In April, cybercriminals were seen exploiting users of major social networking sites in order to spread malware and spam surveys, according to GFI Software.
A plane got stuck in the snow at YLW Monday morning.
After choosing not to pursue arbitration in the anti-doping case, Lance Armstrong will lose all his Tour de France titles and records by Friday.
Financial planning dealer group WHK has grown its ownership footprint in both Queensland and New Zealand, announcing three tuck-in arrangements with existing member firms.
Natural gas prices fell more than 2 percent Thursday after the government reported that US supplies, though not enough to justify higher prices.
AUSTRIAN cyclist Bernhard Kohl has been banned for two years by the national anti-doping agency for using the blood booster CERA at this year's Tour de France.
Page three girl Nicola McLean showed she can hold her own on I'm A Celebrity last night as she munched on crocodile eyes, crickets, a crocodile foot, and even kangaroo testicles.
A former Olympic Games boxer facing trial over a road-rage incident has lost a bid to have the case abandoned, despite arguing the four-year delay breached his human rights.
Michael Morton walked out of the Georgetown courthouse late Tuesday afternoon a free man after 25 years behind bars.
The Akwesasne Warriors won't be returning to the Federal Hockey League, league commissioner Don Kirnan confirmed.
Federal prosecutors announced today that two former Grimaldi's Pizzeria employees have plead guilty to immigration document fraud.
Singer/songwriter DIDO is still struggling to shed her baby weight following the birth of her son in 2011 because she ``ate for Britain'' during her pregnancy.
Canadian military equipment remain trapped in Afghanistan as the Pakistani government continues to refuse to reopen NATO supply lines into the country.
Charlottesville police are investigating the first homicide in the city for 2012 and the first in more than 13 months.
Axl Rose demands a square melon on his tour rider, an exotic item ``that absolutely can't be missed.''
A first German auto parts company declared bankruptcy on Monday, saying it was the result of slumping orders and restricted credit.
On December 12, a gala concert of the Republican contest of gifted children ``Zvezdochki Kavkaza'' will take place in Makhachkala.
In Other Hip Hop News, T-Pain just announced that he's going on strike until record sales increase.
Iran will start exporting natural gas to Oman through an undersea pipeline by March 2012, Iran's Deputy Oil Minister Javad Oji says.
SOUTH Korea will resume United States beef imports from Thursday after securing extra health safeguards aimed at placating protesters, officials said.
'Horrid Henry' star Theo Stevenson was ``starstruck'' by co-star Kimberley Walsh.
Rapper and music producer T-Pain slammed ``homophobic idiots'' on Twitter earlier this week, condemning people for misjudging his gay assistant.
An El Segundo tax preparer who filed false claims and failed to file his own returns is expected to plead guilty to federal charges later this week.
A popular Mexican restaurant in Richland re-opens after a fire last May forced the owners to completely rebuild it.
The Redskins have tendered an offer to QB Jason Campbell worth 110% of last year's salary, which is over $3.1 million, according to ESPN's Adam Shefter.
INVISTA, one of the world's largest integrated fibers and polymers businesses, recently opened its new airbag fiber manufacturing plant in Qingpu District, Shanghai.
DICKINSON, Texas One girl is in critical condition at a Houston hospital and another is hospitalized at Clear Lake Regional Medical Center after both drank lighter fluid Saturday, Dickinson police said.
Verizon Wireless in Taylors is accepting new or gently used children's books through March 30 to benefit the early childhood literacy programs hosted by The Children's Museum of the Upstate.
As one of his accusers attempts to be freed from a confidentiality agreement, businessman Herman Cain went after his detractors in a radio interview Thursday and again accused political opponents of trying to tank his campaign.
Syrian Labor Minister Diala Haj Aref said Saturday that Syria is facing real difficulties in fighting against child labor which is rampant in the country.
BRIAN Gay won the Humana Challenge on Sunday, beating Charles Howell III with a 5 1/2-foot birdie putt on the second hole of a playoff after front-running Scott Stallings gave away a large lead.
Township police are investigating a robbery at Pizza Hut, Sans Souci Parkway, late Tuesday morning.
A 43-year-old Ottawa woman convicted of uttering threats and animal cruelty has been banned from Kingston, Ont., as a condition of her probation.
A man has been stabbed for not knowing that hip-hop power couple Beyonce and Jay-Z were not married and expecting a baby.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and his wife Jools welcomed a baby girl to their family on Friday.
Centene Corporation today announced it will present at two upcoming healthcare conferences in the next few weeks.
GeoEye Inc. shares made a partial comeback on Wednesday.
Dräger boosts EBIT before non-recurring expenses Corporate news announcement processed and transmitted by Hugin ASA.
Asus and Google rumoured to partner on a $199 7-inch Tegra 3-powered Nexus tablet, Google Play?
Nissan is to reveal a new NV400 chassis cab range at the forthcoming CV Show in April, providing attendees to the show with an exclusive preview of the new models.
``Zee Next was incurring some losses and we have now put the channel on suspension mode. No additional investments will be made in the channel,'' said Subhash Chandra, Chairman, ZEEL, while speaking to analysts after the announcement of the company's annual and quarterly results on April 22, 2009.
16th District US Congressman John Boccieri stopped by the WMFD studios to talk about his first 100 days in office, and eye-opening experience in his own right.
The Boston Red Sox have recalled left-handed reliever Hunter Jones from Triple-A Pawtucket.
The Gores Group, a leading Los Angles based private equity firm, today announced that through an affiliate it has agreed to acquire the United States operations of Hypercom Corporation.
Tonight, Helen Mirren will host Saturday Night Live; the musical guest is Foo Fighters.
You are reading part nine of a ten part series that shows you how to teach your elementary-age child to write a novel, and in the process become a wiser, more thoughtful reader of books written by others.
A cat who was born without lower leg bones has learned how to walk on his elbows after going through a period of rehabilitation with an animal rights charity group.
Travis Pastrana, the charismatic Moto X, X Games and American rally racing icon, is crossing over to NASCAR to compete as a driver and team owner.
Glencore International Plc agreed to buy Viterra Inc for C$16.25 a share in cash, the companies said in a joint statement today.
A Boston street worker is facing gun charges, authorities said.
Third-seeded Novak Djokovic won the Paris Masters for the first time by defeating Frenchman Gael Monfils 6-2, 5-7, 7-6 in Sunday's final.
Most major Asian stock markets gained modestly Monday as a weaker yen underpinned exporting stocks in Japan but expectations of dire fourth quarter results from US companies kept a lid on gains.With President-elect Barack Obama's inauguration on Tuesday, sentiment has been supported in recent days by hopes that the new US administration will act boldly to revive the ailing American economy, a vital export market for Asia.
In a letter to the Parliamentary Treasury Committee, he said the Bank should be put in charge of the forthcoming regime for rescuing banks.
Mumford & Sons have announced details of their new album 'Babel' produced by Markus Dravs.
The NC Court of Appeals has upheld the first-degree murder conviction an Alleghany County man who killed his son in 2005.
The relay hunger strike organized by the Sharmila Kanba Lup at the Porompat PDA Complex entered its 18th day today.
Lady Gaga threw a royal wedding-themed party to mark the end of her tour.
Sinitta has admitted that Simon Cowell was a ``horrible cheat'' during their on-off relationship which lasted for 16 years.
Students are being encouraged to minimise their waste through a play currently touring schools across Hertfordshire.
She is urging everyone to stay inside until after the storm passes.
HRH also received another cable from Shaikh Sabah Al Ahmed Al Jaber Al Sabah thanking him over HRH's condolatory cable on the death of Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Faisal Al Malik Al Sabah.
Hundreds of medical students marched from Ichilov Hospital to the Beit Ariella library in Tel Aviv Friday morning to express disapproval with agreements reached last week between the Israel Medical Federation and the Finance Ministry regarding hospital tours of duty for interns.
Tuesday saw Fernando Alonso back testing the new R29 Renault at the race track in Jerez in two sessions, both morning and afternoon.
06/11/09 12:18pm Washington -- he Dallas Stars hired Marc Crawford as their new coach Thursday, bringing in a well-traveled NHL veteran to replace the fired Dave Tippett.
A COVENTRY University student has been charged with the murder of a teenager in Manchester.
Tyrannosaurus rex had the most powerful bite of any creature that ever walked the Earth, according to scientists.
``An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions.''
Justin Bieber is the highest paid young performer in the world this year, earning a staggering $300,000 for every concert he performs.
Arroyo endorsed her former defence chief as her successor on Thursday although major defections hit the Philippines' largest political party ahead of presidential elections next May.
A liberal policy group is proposing a tax hike on oil and gas profits ahead of Gov. John Kasich's State of the State speech Tuesday in an region where drilling has proliferated.
Authorities say several funnel clouds have been spotted in the mid-Atlantic area, but no injuries have been reported.
Sweden forward Markus Rosenberg is moving to Racing Santander from Werder Bremen on a one-year loan deal despite extending his contract at the Bundesliga club by a year to 2012.
A ROBBER has been jailed for his part in a vicious attack which resulted in a pair of earrings being ripped from a woman's ears.
WASHINGTON ― The Supreme Court on Monday struck down part of the anti-fraud law enacted in response to the Enron and other corporate scandals from the early 2000s, but said its decision has limited consequences.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is poised for an unprecedented £100 million plus summer transfer buying campaign.
Doctors hail the first US face transplant announcing the successful replacement of 80 percent of a woman's face.
Former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo made his first appearance on Monday before the International Criminal Court where he blamed the French military for his arrest for crimes against humanity.
A South Side woman was found shot to death this morning in a car in Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood.
Transave Inc., a Monmouth Junction, NJ-based developer of inhaled drugs for site-specific treatment of serious lung diseases, has raised $35 million in Series D funding.
Pop star and actress Jennifer Lopez has given birth to twins, a boy and a girl, early this morning.
The BJP today defended its decision to form a government headed by it in Jharkhand and said the decision was taken to keep Congress out of power in the politically fragile state.
US stocks headed for a moderately higher open Monday as investors awaited a regional manufacturing report and examined a change at the top of insurer American International Group Inc.
The Chickasaw Nation has extended its deadline to submit photographs by young photographers for display at the new Chickasaw Nation Visitors' Center in Sulphur, Oklahoma.
The Royal Swazi Spa Group of Hotels has experienced situations in which some of their guests have checked out without settling their bills.
UMass Lowell head coach Norm Bazin was named a finalist for the Spencer Penrose Award on Tuesday, as announced by the American Hockey Coaches Association and FlexxCoach.
Washington, Oct 9 Scientists have successfully produced liver cells from patients' skin cells, potentially opening the way to treating a range of diseases that affect the liver's functioning.
MSNBC reports that Starbucks is closing 600 stores.
Mr Pascal Lamy, the Director General of the World Trade Organization has clarified that the ``Buy American'', provision in the recently released stimulus package, doe not violate global trade rules, because of the way it has been structured.
It's the time for all of us Ball State alumni to descend upon Muncie once again for a celebration of epic proportions.
Both Giorgos Karagounis and Simon Davies will leave Fulham at the end of the season, upon the expiration of their respective contracts.
IB FX View Japanese support for dollar assets trumps Chinese data Friday June 12, 2009 The dollar is making weekly gains ahead of the Italian G8 summit at the weekend as some investors perhaps rein in short dollar positions for fear of warnings over dollar weakness should the world's richest nations deliver a communiqué.
Boat manufacturer Sea Ray is idling a second plant in Knoxville for three months, furloughing about 240 hourly workers.
CHINA has declared an emergency over a long dry spell threatening crops and farmers' incomes in the rural heartland, official media said on Thursday.
Copper fell 3.6 percent on Monday, as suspicions grew that much of the material heading for China would be stockpiled, reinforcing worries about demand prospects.
State fisheries regulators rejected a proposed ban on large mesh gill nets used for flounder fishing, but adopted other restrictions Thursday to reduce the incidental capture of sea turtles in fishing nets.
HOFFENHEIM, Germany - Croatia central defender Josip Simunic is joining Hoffenheim from Bundesliga rival Hertha Berlin on a three-year contract.
Metro is cracking down on iThefts, trying to stop thieves from snatching riders' pricey electronic devices this holiday season, when the crimes typically spike.
Legendary actor Pran, beloved star of hit movies like Don and Ram Aur Shyam, received his Dadasaheb Phalke award at his home in Mumbai.
A semitrailer collided with an overpass at I-35 and 12th Street.
Katy Perry showed off her Christmas spirit at the Y100 Jingle Ball concert in Florida on Saturday night, wearing a sexy Mrs. Claus outfit.
General Motors Corp. said Tuesday its Chevrolet Volt rechargeable electric car should get 230 miles per gallon of gasoline in city driving, more than four times the current champion, the Toyota Prius.
Plant junior Alex Johnson, one of area's top outside hitters this past season, has committed to play collegiately at Georgetown.
The Turkish energy minister said on Thursday that the Russian president had called on European natural gas consumer countries to a meeting.
Despite a 10-point lead midway through the second half Friday in Carrollton, the North Hall girls lost 62-57 to Carrollton in overtime in the opening round of the Class AAA state tournament.
As I backed my trailer into my driveway, my wife came out asking what I was thinking.
American PS3-owning Netflix subscribers have been receiving notifications that the Netflix discs will be arriving soon.
The first blanket ban on smokers becoming foster parents has been imposed by a council.
A son of state Sen. Julian Carroll was killed Sunday in a one-vehicle crash in Franklin County.
A nine year old girl who was held by her step mother at Hojai, Udaipur, Assam was today handed over to her real mother through the Imphal East SP.
Horror Author and Film Producer Lia Scott Price is launching comic book illustrations based on characters from her book.
Free agent options to replace Alex Rodriguez Alex Rodriguez will have January surgery to repair a torn labrum in his left hip, a bone impingement and the correction of a cyst -- which could leave the Yankees without his presence at third base until June.
Dabhol power plant will shut two of its four generating units for maintenance from Thursday, a company source told reporters.
Hong Kong shares closed 1.1 per cent higher Thursday, boosted by a strong rally in Ping An Insurance after it ended a plan to buy half of Fortis' asset management arm, dealers said.
A prominent Missouri financial adviser and campaign fundraiser for President Barack Obama pleaded guilty Friday to stalking and harassing her daughter's ex-boyfriend.
Iranian media say Iran has sent six warships to international waters, including the Gulf of Aden, just days after it test-fired a new ballistic missile.
A second air strike targeted Libyan rebels just east of the strategic oil town Ras Lanuf on Monday and was met with a barrage of machine-gun fire, an AFP reporter said.
Kim Kardashian engagement ring was spotted in Monaco while on vacation with her fiance Kris Humphries and his family.
Twins left-hander Francisco Liriano was scratched from Wednesday's start with soreness and swelling in his left forearm.
Asian markets fell sharply Monday as Chinese stocks plunged nearly 7 per cent and Japanese shares weakened after the country's opposition party came to power in a landslide victory.
Glasgow's High Court was evacuated on Thursday morning after a fire alarm went off in the building.
rue21, a clothing store focused on teen trends, opened a new location in Williamsburg on July 15.
India has said that Afghanistan needed a comprehensive strategy for domestic development that took into account its least developed country status, its landlocked situation, 30 years of conflict and the continued threat to the it's future posed by terrorism.
Egyptian authorities released 20 Yemeni fishermen on Friday that were arrested in June when they were found sailing in Egyptian territorial waters.
Stoneleigh Partners Acquisition Corp. announced today that it received notice from the NYSE Alternext US, LLC indicating that it was below certain additional continued listing standards of the Exchange, specifically that the Company had not held an annual meeting of stockholders in 2008, as set forth in Section 704 of the Exchange's Company Guide.
National news Snowfall blamed for drop in sales January's heavy snow saw retailers suffer a shock fall in sales last month after many small grocers were forced to shut up shop amid the freezing weather.
Although the defender has now started the last two Gillingham games and an extended run of games, as he told BBC Radio Kent, is exactly what he feels he needs: 'I still feel rusty, it's a run of games I need.
Patrick Swayze, the hunky actor who danced his way into moviegoers' hearts with ``Dirty Dancing'' and then broke them with ``Ghost,`` died Monday after a battle with pancreatic cancer. He was 57.
Well it appears that Osama Bin Laden is dead.
The Ministry of Works will be asking for more funds in the upcoming national budget, to help solve the water disruptions that have been faced in the last couple of months.
A Portland police forensics truck collided with a bicycle Wednesday night as the truck was pulling out of a parking lot.
We are the greatest agricultural production country in the world, but do you know where our food comes from?
Socialite Paris Hilton has revealed that she is an amazing cook and loves to cook for her friends.
Central Oklahoma stayed No. 3 in the NCAA Division II Wrestling Coaches' Association rankings that were released Wednesday, with the defending national champions set to face a pair of top-10 opponents on the road this week.
The Multan Health Department teams have confirmed 68 more tested positive cases of dengue fever amongst 33 were from Multan city.
SYDNEY ― Influential Australian art critic, historian and writer Robert Hughes has died aged 74 in New York after a long illness, his family said Tuesday.
NATO, which has existed since 1949, suffered its first ever military defeat and quickly moves to the loss in block-invented ``information war'' system.
A former youth pastor and teacher has accepted a plea deal on a sex charge in Gaston County.
Four prisoners were on Thursday afternoon holding 28 fellow inmates hostage at the Witbank Magistrate's Court after overpowering a prison guard.
A Sumter County teenager was killed and three others were hurt in an overnight crash in Groverland.
South Africa tightened the noose around India, reducing the visitors to 277 for six in the second innings at lunch on the fourth day of the first cricket Test here Sunday.
India needs to double infrastructure spending to achieve the high growth needed to lift millions out of poverty, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday.
So there's little chance of Gwyneth Paltrow blending into the crowd when she steps out in London.
Javaris Crittenton waived his right to an extradition hearing and a judge on Wednesday ordered him to be moved to Atlanta, where he faces a murder charge in a drive-by shooting.
Talking Points Memo is reporting that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will testify on the Benghazi attacks once her health improves.
A San Diego man mauled to death by a grizzly bear he was photographing in Alaska's Denali National Park had taken mandatory bear awareness training but failed to stay a safe distance away from the wild animal as instructed, it was reported Sunday.
Sydney, Jan 3 Australia were the driving seat after a hectic first day's play in second cricket Test against India when 13 wickets feels at the Sydney Cricket Ground here on Tuesday.
Greek lawmakers have narrowly passed a crucial austerity bill by majority vote, but with heavy dissent from within the three-party governing coalition.
Stocks are seeking direction at opening this morning, on the last trading day before the weekend when lawmakers hope to resolve the health-care reform legislation.
Olympic champion Carlo Janka of Switzerland won a men's World Cup giant slalom race Saturday, 10 days after having surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat.
Lehman Brothers credit protection costs soared to a record on Thursday and some of its bonds traded near distressed levels as analysts voiced skepticism about a revival plan for the investment bank laid out on Wednesday by Chief Executive Dick Fuld.
A 21-year-old college student was arrested after he stripped down at airport security to reveal the Fourth Amendment written on his chest and stomach.
International young crooner Charlie Green on Tuesday signed a 2-year contract with Viva Records.
A 47-year-old Weatherford man was killed in a motorcycle accident Saturday near Azle.
Mortal remains of late Professor Naorem Sanajaoba was put to rest near the community pond of Lairikyengbam Maning Leikai amidst customary religious rituals today.
Giants center fielder Aaron Rowand left Tuesday night's game against the New York Mets in the ninth inning due to back spasms.
LinkedIn, the effective social network for professional networking has officially launched a version of its mobile app for Windows Phone.
Michigan's Gov. Rick Snyder plans to greet President Barack Obama at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
Rihanna is reportedly gearing up to release 'Talk That Talk' as her next single and will include a new verse from Kanye West.
Rapper Waka Flocka Flame and three other men were questioned Wednesday after a shootout at a car stereo store in which one person was wounded, police said.
BRITISH Airways is to resume flights to Libya in May, the airline announced, 15 months after they were suspended as the country descended into bloodshed.
Across the state, Generation West Virginia will be holding town hall programs throughout April.
Jump luminaire from Philips Lighting has won the red dot design award 2011 in the product design category.
Skype, the Internet-based telephony company which eBay plans to spin off in 2010, claims it's gaining a new audience -- business users.
ACT Health Minister Katy Gallagher will meet with obstetricians on Monday to discuss concerns about the Canberra Hospital's working environment.
Painful sounding Northern outfit Mike Got Spiked have announced a January tour, which will take in five spots around the country.
Ubisoft has announced the launch of its world-class performance capture studio in Toronto, a facility that will support the creation of high-quality content for games.
KANYE West must have got to the front of the queue for make-up and props when he filmed this cameo role for a sequel to the 2004 hit comedy Anchorman.
Reformer Anna Hazare, on day three of his hunger strike demanding a more powerful anti-graft law, Thursday apologised to former Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati who was asked to leave the protest site a day earlier.
Asia is going to be way short of the new H1N1 vaccine to fight swine flu when the next surge of infections hits during the cold season this year, a spokesman for the World Health Organization said on Tuesday.
The cast for the new James Bond movie, Skyfall, has been confirmed with Javier Bardem playing the villain role.
New York web designer Paul Ceglia, who has filed a suit against Facebook and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, claims he owns an 84% stake in Facebook.
Ancient mangrove forests, such as those buried in the coastal regions of the Caribbean, can protect buildings against earthquakes, according to researchers working on the French island of Guadeloupe.
The government will take steps to stop misuse of business visas during employment process in the country, Union minister Shashi Tharoor today said.
A nurse has been suspended for leaving a premature baby with a stranger at a regional airport so she could catch a flight home to Adelaide, Australia.
An Emirati was found dead in a hospital car park in Sharjah under mysterious circumstances.
The London Borough of Bromley is seeking expressions of interest from a suitably experienced development and management partner who will fund, design, construct, manage, maintain and operate a multi sports hub in Norman Park, Bromley.
Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius, the double-amputee revered in South Africa for overcoming his disability to compete in the London Games last year, wept in court Friday as he faced a murder charge in connection with the fatal shooting of his girlfriend.
At least 41 people were killed when a sleeper bus caught fire in central China, the official Xinhua news agency reported Friday.
The miracle cure for losing weight is knowing that there is no miracle cure.
An Amtrak train heading from St. Louis to Chicago derailed Sunday night in Granite City, IL.
Veteran actress Sharmila Tagore opposed capital punishment for rape saying death is neither the ultimate punishment nor a deterrent.
Katy Perry and hip-hop star Travis McCoy have split just weeks after the singer denied reports the couple was engaged.
European stocks climbed as investors awaited the results of Portugal's debt sale today.
Asian foreign ministers met on Sunday ahead of the continent's biggest security dialogue, under the shadow of the Jakarta bomb attacks and North Korea's nuclear programme.
Former NFL wide receiver Chad Johnson has been sentenced to 30 days in a Fort Lauderdale jail for violating his probation in a domestic abuse case against his ex-wife and reality TV personality Evelyn Lozada.
THE FBI investigated whether Anna Nicole Smith plotted to kill her tycoon husband's son as they battled for his father's fortune, but the former Playboy Playmate who died in 2007 was never prosecuted, newly released files show.
A West Virginia man is missing in a Maryland state forest after getting separated from his ginseng hunting party.
A 42-year-old Hardin, Texas man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations in the Eastern District of Texas announced US Attorney John M. Bales today.
Chris, the first Atlantic Ocean hurricane of the season and now has weakened to a tropical storm, far offshore from Canada.
George David Weiss, who helped write chart-topping pop hits including ``Can't Help Falling in Love'' and ``What a Wonderful World,'' has died.
Coatings specialist Zircotec lent its technical and commercial support to 10 teams at Formula Student 2011 held at Silverstone last weekend.
MP Nadim Gemayel warned on Sunday that if Hezbollah used its arms again inside Lebanon ``then we will confront it with weapons too.''
Wholesalers cut their inventories in February by the steepest amount in more than 17 years, while sales rose for the first time since the summer, encouraging signs that companies may be getting their inventories under control.
Former Gossip Girl star Leighton Meester is dating former teen soap star Adam Brody.
Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor pleaded not guilty on Tuesday to an indictment that alleges he had sex with a 16-year-old girl in a New York hotel room.
Hip-hop star Jay-Z is lending his support to US presidential candidate Barack Obama by holding two free concerts in his honor.
London, Jul 7 Former ''Friends'' star Jennifer Aniston ``thoroughly enjoyed'' talking dirty for her role as man-eating dentist in new movie ''Horrible Bosses''.
Florence Welch, lead singer of Florence and the Machine has admitted that she once got so drunk she set fire to her hotel room.
But a commonly used drug may be able to prevent arthritis from happening to you.
POLICE officers shot and injured a man in Waltham Forest after they stopped a car allegedly involved in an earlier shooting, it has emerged.
Chris Brown has revealed that he wants to make Michael Jackson proud of him, after the revelation that the two were to work together.
School leaders say an elementary student was left sleeping on the school bus Wednesday evening.
CI Financial Corp. today announced key management appointments that reflect the strength and development of the executive team.
Nevirapine may not always be the best choice for peripartum antiretroviral treatment, according to the results of 2 randomized controlled trial studies reported in the October 14 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine.
President Barack Obama had been summoned for jury duty at the Bridgeview courthouse beginning Monday.
NC Sen. Marc Basnight, D-Dare By Erin James Marc Basnight, the Dare County Democrat who harnessed more than 25 years of legislative power to funnel millions of dollars into northeastern North Carolina, will resign Jan. 25, the day before he was to relinquish the most powerful seat in the state Senate.
Police say five people inside a car escaped injury when a gunman opened fire on the car outside a San Jose nightclub but hit no one inside the car.
Average retail gasoline prices in Sacramento have risen 5.8 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $2.90/g today.
WHO do you muzzle when a man tries to bite a police dog?
President Thabo Mbeki is meeting with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe at State House in Harare.
Spire Healthcare, one of the UK's biggest private hospital providers, has doubled sales of services to the NHS in the past five years, as it seeks to compensate for a recession-led decline in medical insurance patients.
``I talked to Bob Arum about it and he just told me to let him do his job.
British Nobel laureate Harold Pinter, who produced some of his generation's most influential dramas and later became a staunch critic of the US-led war in Iraq, has died.
Area students graduated from Carl Albert State College in Poteau on May 10 in the Mick Thompson Fitness Center.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has categorically his stance and said that former president Pervez Musharraf will ``definitely'' be arrested if he returns to Pakistan.
A Columbus man has died in a mobile home fire early this morning.
The Detroit Tigers added a possible bullpen addition this morning, signing right-hander Juan Rincon, to a minor league contract.
EACS added another award to their achievements last week when they won the Datacentre Solution of the Year category at the European IT Excellence Awards 2012.
Dubai's Emaar Properties, the largest Arab developer by market value, said on Saturday it would begin to buy back shares, which have fallen by nearly 50 per cent this year.
Concern has been expressed by the Interim Minister for Health at the data released by the Ministry which shows a total of 1517 teenage pregnancy cases were reported for the year 2006 alone.
Average Jacksonville area Apartment rent rates rose in the third quarter, continuing a recovery from a rent decrease at the end of 2009, according to apartment search and market website rentjungle.com.
The state of emergency in Thailand's capital Bangkok and other provinces could not be lifted yet, Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsubansaid on Thursday, the Nation online reported.
Tori Spelling gave birth to her fourth child Thursday night, announcing it to her 800,000 followers on Twitter with the words, ``It's a boy!!!!''
Matt Damon and his wife of 8 years Luciana have renewed their wedding vows in the Caribbean.
If you sift through Microsoft Support knowledge base then you may get the inkling that Windows Phone 7 may be getting an update soon.
Emirates has opened a new office in Um Al Quwain, United Arab Emirates.
Financial services companies scaled back political donations last fiscal year, according to the latest data from the Australian Electoral Commission.
Just don't panic yet, though, as there's a lot of reason to believe that Rampage will be back in the UFC before the mainstream fans even know what happened.
Oft-injured Iowa tight end Tony Moeaki is once again healthy and producing for the 7th-ranked Hawkeyes.
A shooting in Shreveport Thursday night leaves one man dead and the alleged gunmen are still on the run.
US stocks ended higher on Tuesday, pushing the S&P 500 index to a five-year high, buoyed by a rise in deal activity and an improvement in German investor sentiment.
An Indian expatriate woman died of heart attack late yesterday.
The first drinkable water bottling plant dubbed ``Puríssima água do Lepi'' was inaugurated on Monday in Lepi locality, in the central Huambo Province.
Mumbai, Nov 25 Country''s leading bourse BSE today said that Gail India would replace Jaiprakash Associates in the benchmark 30-share Sensex index effective from January 2012.
The Coast Guard rescued a Juneau family after their boat sank near Auke Bay in Southeast on Monday afternoon.
Noel Meade enjoyed a double at Navan, rounded off with Thegreatjohnbrowne's success in the 2010 Navan Membership 'The Ideal Christmas Gift' Maiden Hurdle.
Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna turned 81 on Tuesday.
New Delhi, Nov 14 Delhiites experienced a pleasant weather today with minimum and maximum temperature remaining at comfortable level.
Oscar-winner Robin Williams will have heart surgery to replace an aortic valve, CNN reports.
The City watchdog has said banks will face ``intensive supervision'' as it outlined fundamental changes to the way it regulates the financial sector.
A motorcyclist was airlifted to hospital Thursday after plowing into the side of a truck on Young Road in Chilliwack.
A senior US envoy accused Iran of ``deception, defiance and delay'' Wednesday in dealing with international concerns about its nuclear program, reflecting frustration over Tehran's expanding uranium enrichment program and stalled UN attempts to determine whether Tehran has worked secretly on nuclear arms.
The man accused of a deadly crime spree in Lee County last month is pleading not guilty to the charges against him.
Stock Exchanges must be answerable and accountable under the Right to Information Act, Chief Information Commissioner Wajahat Habibullah has said.
Scotland is tackling repossessions as action by the SNP Government means more people can access legal aid and a fund to support homeowners is now worth £35 million.
HURRICANES hooker Dane Coles will face a New Zealand Rugby Union misconduct hearing following his weekend arrest for disorderly behaviour.
Australian building approvals fell 3.7 per cent, seasonally adjusted, in August, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said today.
Heroes Hired Manufacturing announces the opening of its new Electrical Cables and Wire Harness manufacturing facility, and are now accepting applications for employment and defense contractor, aerospace and automotive contracts.
Portland police are investigating a non-fatal shooting that occurred at 12:45 am in a parking lot in the 300 block of Northeast Multnomah Street.
Terrorist activity in Indonesia is expected to decline for some time following the recent elimination of top terror mastermind Noordin M Top and a number of his lieutenants, the country`s intelligence chief said.
IN THE MATTER OF THE MOTION TO REVOKE THE FIREARMS PURCHASER IDENTIFICATION CARD AND RETIRED LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER'S PERMIT TO CARRY A HANDGUN BY ANTHONY F. PASQUARELLI.
Liam Hemsworth allegedly has ``cold feet'' about his future with Miley Cyrus.
Online pharmacy Drugstore.com Inc. said Wednesday it swung to a profit in its fourth quarter due to strong sales in the company's core over-the-counter business.
The Irish government plans to legalize abortion in limited circumstances, but Minister for Health James Reilly insisted his plans will take ``full account of the equal right to life of the unborn child.''
A BAHAMIAN small and medium-sized business development agency should have been created 20 years ago, a local entrepreneur said yesterday, telling Tribune Business: ``We don't know how to handle small businesses''.
``Over the past two months the security situation in Western Darfur deteriorated significantly as Chadian regular forces and the Justice and Equality Movement launched several attacks inside Sudanese territory,'' Ban said in the report to the 15-nation council.
The X PRIZE Foundation, an educational nonprofit prize institute widely recognized for fostering innovation through competition, is moving its headquarters from Santa Monica to Playa Vista, effective October 1.
Good news for Tar Heel basketball fans: after missing all of last season with an ACL tear, junior guard Leslie McDonald says he's back at full strength and ready to play.
Brandon Moore is transferring from Arkansas after one season with the Razorbacks.
Mercury and Motorguide have agreed to sponsor Major League Fishing, the new style of competitive bass fishing feature 24 of the sport's famous professional anglers.
Hone Harawira is likely to be booted out of the Maori Party after a committee deciding his fate recommended to cancel his membership.
Steve Jobs announced today that he will be taking a medical leave of absence from Apple.
Samsung has confirmed it will be launching its Galaxy Nexus in white later this month, which could well see a greater increase in the number of people recycling their mobile phones to get the new handsets.
Firefighters from several mid-Michigan departments are battling a blaze above a bar in downtown Leslie, about 20 miles southeast of Lansing.
Paolo Di Canio brushed aside the adulation heaped upon him in the wake of a famous derby victory to promise Sunderland fans he has done nothing yet.
A police chase in Duluth ended in a crash that shut down the intersection of Buford Highway and Georgia 120 Thursday night.
FROM TORONTO The city workers' strike--now in its fourth week--has led to cancellations, venue changes, and additional costs for summer festivals and events across Toronto.
Crews will close eastbound lanes of Wendover Avenue for the next five weekends to repair a water line that caused a sink hole two years ago.
The President's website has come under hacker attack, the President's press secretary, Daria Chepak, writes in her blog at Ukrainska Pravda.
Mr Mandelson is said to have ``dripped pure poison'' when describing Gordon Brown and also informed Mr Osborne that the next general election will be held in May 2010.
Mel and Robyn finalize their divorce after years apart, did she manage to walk away with half a billion dollars?
There are calls for Stansted Airport to be freed from economic regulation by the Civil Aviation Authority.
The top US commander in Afghanistan worked to sell the new American strategy for the country to Afghan parliamentarians Thursday, promising that international troops will not start leaving until national security forces are ready to take over.
President-elect Barack Obama meets with Sen John McCain, R-Ariz., Monday, Nov. 17, 2008, at Obama's transition office in downtown Chicago.
UNC has offered fall admission to 5,393 students who applied before the university's first of two admission deadlines.
A body was found floating in the Charles River in Waltham this afternoon, the Middlesex district attorney's office said.
New York's iconic Empire State Building will be lit up with special tie-dye colors in honor of the Grateful Dead this evening.
Dallas and Orlando had exploratory talks last week regarding Dwight Howard and ``will probably talk again,'' Mavericks general manager Donnie Nelson confirmed.
The road to Brazil 2014 begins in Georgia after Spain`s comfortable and convincing 5-0 friendly victory over Saudi Arabia Friday when a side made up of fringe players showed the depth of talent available for Del Bosque, reports Xinhua.
An oilfield construction company worker has been killed at a job site near Elnora in central Alberta.
V oice application platforms and hosted services provider Voxeo has acquired VoiceObjects, a provider of self-service application development and analytics systems, based in Germany.
Two bald eagles are recovering from apparent poisoning after being found lying in pastures in the Bitterroot Valley.
Petroliam Nasional Bhd has clarified that it will not be paying anymore compensation to Tenaga Nasional Bhd for the cost of alternative fuel used by the national power utility.
A Spanish businessman has launched an internet campaign to raise funds to help Thai police combat crime against foreigners.
A study run by online business networking service MeettheBoss.com shows that Middle East executives are spending an extra 11 hours a month online sharing their professional experiences and learning from their peers.
Britain is to host a conference on Afghanistan on Jan. 28 next year, where members of the international coalition will discuss plans for handing control of the country back to local authorities, the prime minister's office announced on Saturday.
Even though dinosaurs have been long extinct, bringing them back to life might be possible.
A flash flood watch has been issued for Frederick County through Wednesday morning, according to the National Weather Service.
Police are investigating a late-night robbery at Dunkin' Donuts at Shawsheen Plaza, on North Main Street, last Friday.
NOBEL peace laureate Desmond Tutu is to retire from public life when he turns 79 later this year.
Hollywood actress Anne Hathaway will co-host this year's Nobel peace prize concert in Norway with Oscar-winning actor Denzel Washington.
Air France cancelled about one in five flights and warned of wider disruption as a five-day strike by flight attendants over employment terms began yesterday, in the middle of a busy holiday weekend.
Harris Corp., the Melbourne communications and information technology company, is expanding in Abu Dhabi with a new business development operation.
Madhya Pradesh survived a late scare to earn three crucial points on the basis of their 158-run first innings lead on the fourth and final day of their group A Plate division match against Goa, at the Holkar Stadium here on Thursday.
Fire officials plan on checking 4,200 homes in Gaston County to make sure they have a smoke detector and it is working correctly.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. Katherine Heigl is sticking with ``Grey's Anatomy'' despite voicing displeasure about last season's script quality, the network's programming chief said.
For as little as $20 a month, with no upfront costs, Oregon homeowners can lease a solar panel system.
Developer of messaging and charging systems Tecnomen has received an order worth USD 12 million for its Convergent Charging system in Latin America.
New Delhi, Aug 19 The Bharatiya Janata Party Sunday accused the Congress-led central government of discriminating against BJP-ruled states.
The lovely ladies over at Disney have gotten the Sucker Punch treatment in this really cool and well put together mash up.
James Fortune along with GRAMMY® Award-nominated gospel artist VaShawn Mitchell took time to visit with St. Jude patient EthanALSAC/St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
Meyer called Moody an ``injury magnet'' following practice Friday.
The second MotoGP practice of the day at Aragon was just canceled.
Robbery and assault charges have been filed in Olmsted County District Court against three men suspected of robbing and assaulting people last week at an apartment in southeast Rochester.
Belarus has lifted all restrictions concerning privatization, Belarusian Prime Minister Mikhail Myasnikovich said on Friday, APA reports quoting XInhua.
Vaginal oestrogen treatment may help prevent repeat urinary tract infections in postmenopausal women, new research suggests.
Water allocations for River Murray irrigators in South Australia will remain set at 15 per cent, South Australian River Murray Minister Karlene Maywald says.
Internet giants Google, Yahoo and Microsoft have been asked not to censor search engines for one day this week as part of a protest against digital censorship.
Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho has congratulated Barcelona on their 22nd league title.
Telekomunikacja Polska has issued bonds totalling PLN163.5m to subsidiaries in the past two days.
Lyon collected its first trophy in four years when it beat a spirited Quevilly 1-0 to win the French Cup for a fifth time on Saturday.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is facing a key confidence vote in parliament amid questions over his handling of the economy and personal scandals.
SANA'A, March 22 - Yemen is set to host the 9th regional round on human rights in the Arabian Gulf and Yemen late this week.
Heat Vision has word that Zemeckis will produce a paranormal adventure film called Charles Fort with Evan Spiliotopoulos slated to write the story described as a period Ghostbusters.
Americans are spending about $34 billion a year on alternative health care that is not covered by insurance, according to a CDC survey.
The Board of Directors of TMX Group Inc. declared a dividend of $0.38 on each common share outstanding, payable on March 12, 2010 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 26, 2010.
President Obama has invited Republican leaders to meet with him at the White House on health care.
SuperSport Park, home of the Nashua Titans cricket franchise, will celebrate its 21st anniversary with weeks of entertaining events starting on Monday until April 14.
Former President APJ Abdul Kalam said education cannot be categorised as a business product or system and only great teachers can inspire quality learning.
A southwest Idaho high school football player accused of punching his coach in the face has been charged with felony aggravated battery.
The company says the Carnival Legend is experiencing a technical issue with one of the ship's Azipod units, which affects the vessel's sailing speed.
Lord Pym, the former Tory Foreign Secretary, has died aged 86 after a prolonged illness, his family have said in a statement.
A Navy F-18 Hornet fighter jet crashed into an apartment complex yesterday morning in Virginia Beach, Virginia, TMZ is currently reporting.
A fire in a trash bin Saturday afternoon spread to a business complex off William Street, causing tens of thousands of dollars damage.
Air France-KLM, Europe's largest airline by revenues, slumped in trading on Thursday in Europe by almost 10% after it said late Wednesday that it would miss its operating profit target.
Florida Marlins shortstop Hanley Ramirez left the game Wednesday night against the Houston Astros because of a sore left shoulder.
R&B star Ray J was once rejected by Halle Berry after he asked the Oscar winner out on a date.
US mobile carrier AT&T has just announced that they have now activated more than one million iPhone 4S handsets since the iPhone 4S went on sale last Friday to Tuesday this week, and we also heard from Apple recently that they had sold more than 4 million iPhone 4S devices in the first three days.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are moving in together and will be setting up housekeeping in New York.
The Penguins will face the Boston Bruins in the Eastern Conference final of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has agreed to a contract extension that will keep him with the team through the 2017 season, or when he's 40 years old, according to a report.
``Korea may fire a long-range ballistic missile toward Hawaii in early July, a Japanese news report said Thursday, as Russia and China urged the regime to return to international disarmament talks on its rogue nuclear program.
Five more electricity schemes will be unveiled in the Northern Province next week under the Uthuru Wasanthaya Programme.
Gandhinagar, January 17 Former minister and veteran MLA Ashok Bhatt is all set to become the Speaker of 12th Assembly unopposed, with opposition Congress moving a resolution to this effect on Thursday.
Sun Bingo pledges to help skint bingo players with their Bingo Holiday Recovery promotion.
Microsoft is moving its European distribution centre from Germany to the Netherlands so that gaming consoles and Windows 7 software cannot be seized by authorities if it loses a patent lawsuit this month.
Mongolia Energy Corporation says that it is finalizing the contract negotiations following conclusion of contractors' bidding for the upgrading, including related construction, of the Khushuut Road, and expect an announcement to be made shortly in this regard.
Senator Chris Dodd today introduced a constitutional amendment to reverse a recent Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance that has the effect of allowing virtually unlimited corporate spending in elections.
Walt Disney Pictures has premiered this second clip from their upcoming short film 'Tangled Ever After.
OCZ recently declared that company has appointed Ralph Schmitt to its board of directors as an independent non-executive director.
The Indian rupee closed at a new low of Rs.51.10/12 against one US dollar as importers stepped up demand for the greenback and foreign investors pulled out $59.20 million from capital markets during the day.
A woman was held down and sexually assaulted by a group of men in an ``extremely frightening'' attack in Tokoroa early on Sunday, police say.
Former Senator John Edwards pleaded not guilty today to federal charges that he solicited and used campaign contributions to hide his mistress and their baby.
After 15 years celebrating books with the community of Los Angeles on the campus of UCLA, the Festival of Books will move to USC, the Los Angeles Times announced Wednesday.
France plans to introduce a law to limit executive bonuses in the form of stock options or shares as businesses are slow to accept a voluntary agreement, the spokesman for the ruling UMP party said on Monday.
Crow sold her music publishing catalog to First State Media Group Ltd., which is 50 percent-owned by Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Geordie Manolas, managing director of Dublin-based First State Media, said today.
The Somerset County Board of Freeholders has launched the second phase of an economic development initiative dedicated to ensuring that Somerset County remains economically vibrant over the long term.
Here's an important piece of information for starry-eyed holiday shoppers -- pretty things make people buy more.
The New Zealand share market opened slightly higher on Thursday after receiving a positive overnight lead from Wall Street, where US stocks rebound to close Wednesday's trading session with modest gains.
Taekwondo kicked up a storm of complaints against referees and judges at the Olympic Games on Wednesday as Canadian Ivett Gonda claimed she was robbed after losing her opening match.
The oil and gas driven industrialization is expected to make Ghana's oil a blessing.
A Chinese fishing boat has run aground on a World Heritage-listed coral reef in the Philippines, roughly 1,600 kilometres from China's nearest major landmass, authorities said.
School board members found reason for celebration Monday after it was announced that the Sioux City school district met No Child Left Behind proficiency goals for the first time in six years.
Mangalore, 24 September 2010: ``Adopt holistic approach to bring up your children...'' urged Fr. Clifford Fernandes , professor of St. Joseph Seminary, Jeppu , Mangalore while addressing the Catholic parents of St. Mary's English Medium Higher Primary School, Falnir near Mangalore on Monday 20th September 2010.
26 Aug, 2010, 1513 hrs IST , PTI The world's largest carmaker, Toyota, on Thursday said it will study the Indian market to launch a hybrid version of its proposed small car 'Etios', which will be commercially launched by the end of this year.
Several thousand protesters -some chanting ``Where is my vote?'' clashed with riot police in Tehran on Sunday as Iran detained local employees of the British Embassy, escalating the regime's standoff with the West and earning it a stinging rebuke from the European Union.
Monster Ball tour tickets of Lady Gaga have nearly doubled in price.
A roadside bomb killed 10 people in northwest Afghanistan, officials said today, the latest civilians to die during the Muslim holiday Eid al-Adha.
Golden Acres' service workers voted Wednesday to go on strike, but Chris Pavone, vice president of Teamsters Local 436, said that a walkout has not happened.
Just yesterday news broke that Viacom, who owns Paramount Pictures and is the parent company of SpikeTV, bought Bellator.
The Department of Meteorology says the prevailing rainy weather will continue over the next few days.
A 25 year old Claregalway woman has pleaded guilty to assaulting a man at a city bar by smashing a glass into his face.
IBM is to acquire OpenPages, a privately-held provider of risk and compliance software which lists some of the world's top financial institutions on its client roster.
Two illegal video poker machines were seized Wednesday from a convenience store on National Highway, Thomasville police said.
Southampton boss Nigel Pearson has revealed he is already planning for next season despite the speculation surrounding his future at the club.
West Indies captain Chris Gayle has returned to the top five of the ICC batting rankings for the first time in eight months after back-to-back half-centuries in the ongoing one day series with Zimbabwe.
Scientists have found that alcohol is the leading cause of cancer and people who tend to drink more are likely to have cancer.
India lender Axis Bank is planning to raise around $500 million via bonds maturing in five and half years, two sources with direct knowledge of the deal said on Monday.
Plants Vs. Zombies 2, the sequel to the popular strategy game about well, plant life and the undead, has been delayed.
A struggling ``fashion station'' in Melbourne is revisiting history, with the CBD centre deciding to go back to its outlet centre roots just three years are it canned the model.
Hollywood superstar Johnny Depp is shocked by his success, and fears his career might anyday come to an abrupt end.
A mine near Questa in northern New Mexico is laying off 230 people.
The Iowa House passed an education reform bill early Wednesday morning on a 52-44 party line vote.
CAMDEN The Benjamin Franklin Bridge will be closed to traffic for approximately 75 minutes Sunday morning to permit riders in a bike-a-thon to cross, the Delaware River Port Authority announced.
Former Republican State Treasurer Sarah Steelman says she's leaning toward running for Senator Kit Bond's open US Senate seat in 2010.
The public should demand universal health care like Congress and the citizens of Canada, Britain, France and other foreign countries enjoy.
Two men killed in a glider crash near the county-owned airport, one mile east of Jacumba, were identified Sunday.
League spokesman Greg Aiello tells The Associated Press that the Denver Broncos' Pro Bowl receiver has been notified that no punishment is forthcoming as the result of his arrest in Atlanta on March 1 that stemmed from a fight with his new fiance.
An illegal vodka distillery in Linconshire exploded last week, resulting in the instant death of five men.
Tax giant H&R Block said it is disappointed in the amount of returns it has processed so far this tax season, reporting the number of tax returns processed is down 6.3%.
Two Winnipeg police officers are on their way to Edmonton to officiate Sunday's Grey Cup game.
The Clippers have traded leading scorer Zach Randolph to Memphis in exchange for Quentin Richardson.
A former cheer mom was sentenced today to four years probation with strict terms and conditions for a felony child endangerment charge.
Ireland will rebound ``relatively rapidly'' from its current economic woes, Europe's Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli Rehn predicted this afternoon.
Bangladesh said on Friday it had detected its first H1N1 case, in a man who returned to the country from the United States.
The Photographer Sir Norman Parkinson is honoured today, on his 100th birthday, with a google doodle.
Foreclosure rates increased across the Treasure Coast in January, according to a RealtyTrac report released Thursday.
Ohio State is paying football coach Urban Meyer a minimum of $4 million annually -- more money than his predecessor -- and detailing in the contract what he's required to do if an NCAA rules violation occurs under his watch.
Malaysia said Monday it will introduce tougher anti-monopoly laws for companies in a bid to prevent price-fixing and anti-competitive behavior.
A Greenville County civil court clerk has been charged with embezzlement and forgery.
As per news reports, famous Indian Tennis player, Sania Mirza, is about to marry Sohrab Mirza.
Online retail giant Amazon.com is investing $175 million in LivingSocial, a District-based Web site that offers daily discounts with local merchants, LivingSocial announced Thursday.
As fall begins and the North State faces the first rainstorms of the season, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection and local fire departments remind residents that the fire danger remains high.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi, the birthday of the Holy Prophet Hazrat Muhammad, will be celebrated with religious fervour and enthusiasm in the provincial metropolis on March 21.
A Larimore, ND, man has been charged with sexually assaulting a young boy multiple times during a six-year span.
A Mississippi woman, who says that slain football star Steve McNair is the father of her teenage daughter, is seeking the child's ``rightful share'' of the former Titan's estate.
Director Rupert Sanders is reportedly desperate to save his marriage with wife Liberty Ross following revelations he cheated on her with actress Kristen Stewart.
House Democrats have unveiled a $410 billion omnibus appropriations bill containing nine yet-to-be enacted fiscal year 2009 discretionary spending measures along with additional funding for the Secret Service.
Gov. Rick Scott is standing up for teachers, and that's a welcome change.
FORMER US president Ronald Reagan tried to convert Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to Christianity in an effort to end the Cold War.
A UN programme on HIV/Aids has warned that HIV is fast becoming the leading cause of death and disease among women of reproductive age worldwide.
Jenson Button says he is getting used to winning and will be disappointed if he does not take the chequered flag at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
I am happy to announce that CloudGateway 1.0, the industry's first unified service broker, is now shipping.
Japan has not asked Saudi Arabia to supply more oil, the Japanese trade minister said on Sunday after media reports suggested that he had flown to the world's largest oil exporter to sign an emergency supply pact.
Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear has escaped punishment by the Football Association over his expletive-laden rant at newspaper journalists at a news conference.
Famous Azerbaijani public figure, former speaker of Azerbaijani Parliament Murtuz Alasgarov died at the age of 84.
Indonesia will take more of the profits from its vast mineral resources by limiting foreign ownership of mines in a move likely to scare off new investment in the world's top exporter of thermal coal and tin.
A student activist who was sentenced to a month's jail by a magistrate's court last Friday for obstructing a Kuala Lumpur City Hall enforcement officer from arresting another activist at Dataran Merdeka has been released from prison.
Rep. Michael Grimm is headed to New Hampshire this weekend to stump for GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, and to help vanquish challengers Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich.
Joe Crede and Paul Konerko each hit grand slams for the White Sox against the Detroit Tigers yesterday, the third time Chicago has had multiple grand slams in the same game.
A pedestrian was killed this morning outside a Hempfield grocery when he was struck by a car that also rammed the building, collapsing part of the roof.
The New England Patriots will sign Deion Branch after placing Donte' Stallworth on injured reserve.
US Global Investors recently hosted the webcast ``What's Driving Gold?'' to give investors a closer look at the key factors behind the current gold price and to provide a useful outlook for gold in the coming months.
Police say a bicyclist was shot after an altercation occurred between the bicyclist and a motorist in Taylor near Telegraph Road.
A 51-year-old man died of Swine Flu in Mumbai, taking the death toll to 10 in the last two months.
A 28-year-old city man was stabbed in the back at an after hours party on Cambridge Street this morning, part of a continuing trend of violence at such parties that has police stepping up surveillance.
After weeks of dismal scores, Steve-O was booted from the ``Dancing With the Stars'' ballroom Tuesday.
Small firms are being ``stifled'' by red tape and bureaucracy when they try to export goods, according to a new report.
Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict on death row in connection with the assassination of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, has expressed his desire to be hanged.
Hobby Lobby isn't a religious organization, the judge pointed out yesterday when denying the chain's request.
Jelli has expanded its management team with two executives from top companies in radio and the Web.
Europe got further evidence that its unexpectedly strong economic recovery is slowing, with the news that German investor confidence fell sharply in September and eurozone industrial production unexpectedly stagnated during July.
Both sides have rested in the civil confinement trial of so-called ``HIV predator'' Nushawn Williams.
Bangalore Senior batsman Rahul Dravid underwent a minor corrective surgery on his injured left upper jaw at the Manipal Hospital here on Friday.
Flight Centre has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holiday makers in Australia and the United Kingdom.
Ernest Moniz will be sworn in as US Energy Secretary today, after winning bi-partisan Senate endorsement last week.
A former employee of a credit union in Dickinson County has pleaded guilty to embezzling $85,000, United States Attorney Barry Grissom said today.
The US service sector expanded for the 11th straight month in November and at the fastest pace in six months.
The contractor should be held responsible in the Kuala Dipang bridge collapse which claimed three lives, said Works Minister Datuk Shaziman Abu Mansor.
``The strife is over; the battle done''.
Islamabad, Aug 22 Two security personnel were killed and as many injured when a suicide bomber blew himself up to evade arrest in the troubled Swat valley today while troops captured 27 militants during search operations across the Malakand division in northwestern Pakistan.
Days after a shocking school shooting in which 16 people were killed in a small German town, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for tighter gun control measures.
President N.Nazarbayev has signed the Law ``On special state bodies of the Republic of Kazakhstan''; the President's press service reports.
A Toronto high school student has earned a 100 per cent average in his high school courses, reports the Toronto Star.
A vacant Victorian home in midtown Stockton caught fire early Friday for the second time since July.
FORMER England footballer Paul Gascoigne left hospital yesterday after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act.
The final days of the Norwich North by-election campaign are coming to the boil with a parade of the big beasts and more accusations of dirty tricks.
After getting wrecked by Jeff Burton, Jeff Gordon took a swing at Burton on the track at Texas Motor Speedway.
Oklahoma State CB Perrish Cox held a private workout for NFL scouts on March 30 in Waco, Texas, at Waco High School.
Centre Nick Collison has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Oklahoma City Thunder.
A teen charged with Calgary's first ever hate crime has been sentenced to 18 months of probation and 150 hours of community service.
Facebook wins privacy case in Germany Updated: 06:05, Saturday February 16, 2013 Facebook won a legal fight on Friday in a German court against a privacy official who demanded the US-based social network site allow users to hide their true identity.
A Portland man was charged with driving under the influence of drugs after crashing into a house on Tuesday.
STAFF at Mountjoy Prison are bracing themselves for a summer of discontent with overcrowding set to reach record levels.
The Mauritanian military is hunting suspected al-Qaida operatives who ambushed a group of government soldiers.
European shares bounced back today to hover near last week's 12-month highs, with banks, food producers and drugmakers leading the advance ahead of more earnings results from major companies such as Apple.
RockTenn will hold its conference call to discuss its fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 results and other topics that may be raised during the discussion on Tuesday, November 4, 2008 at 9:30 am ET. RockTenn will release its fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 results after the market close on Monday, November 3, 2008.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Thursday he will not seek re-election in a January ballot because of the lack of progress in peace talks with Israel , Palestinian officials said.
For those of you who haven't realized yet, BlizzCon starts today at the Anaheim Convention Center and will run until tomorrow night.
Fabio Capello is looking forward to working with the young squad he has picked to face Germany in midweek.
Tanks and troops rolled into the northwestern city of Banias Saturday as residents formed human chains in a bid to stop the operation, activists said, only a day after security forces killed at least 26 protesters during a massive ``day of defiance''.
A ``MINDLESS'' yob went off the rails at a South Tyneside Metro station when he grabbed a fire extinguisher and flooded a platform with water.
New ``brainbox'' primary school tests sat by about one in 10 eligible children in England this year are a ``dog whistle'' to the middle class, an expert claims.
A researcher has released exploit codes for newly discovered Linux kernel 2.6 flaws which could permit attackers to gain root-system privileges they can use to steal data or mount denials of service on Linux-based systems.
Criminal charges have been filed in a fatal Lancaster County crash from April.
THQ has unveiled a new logo which 'epitomizes the change, innovation and creative growth that are our cornerstones.
A body found floating in a canal late Thursday afternoon is believed to be that of a missing Tempe man.
On his last full day in office, President Bush commuted the controversial sentences of two former Border Patrol agents convicted of shooting a Mexican drug runner in 2005.
Workers of Caracas-based private TV news network Globovisión rejected through a statement the accusations and threats made last weekend by several pro-government groups.
Progressive Socialist Party leader MP Walid Jumblatt commended on Monday the Turkish step to expel the Israeli envoy.
A rollover early this morning killed a 54-year-old Grafton, ND, man, according to the state Highway Patrol.
The ongoing cold conditions continued unabated in Punjab and Haryana with the minimum temperature hovering between one to three degrees Celsius below normal in the region.
The Sebago Lake ice fishing derby, the largest fishing derby in the state, scheduled for February 18 - 19 has been cancelled because the ice is too dangerous.
Teen singing sensation Justin Bieber helped blogger Perez Hilton celebrate his 32nd birthday this weekend.
Kevin Rudd has been sworn in as Australian prime minister for the second time, three years after his predecessor Julia Gillard ousted him in a similar showdown.
President Obama on Saturday dismissed the idea the nation might need a second stimulus to jolt the economy out of recession and urged Americans to be patient with his economic recovery plan.
Ballard 7-11 store near Ballard Locks was robbed by a man at gun point in the early hours of Thursday morning, March 28.
While the latest round of UN climate change talks is going on here in Spain on Nov. 2-6, Yvede Boer, the UN climate chief, said on Tuesday that the Kyoto Protocol needed to continue and industrialized countries should come up with more ambitious targets on emission reduction under the protocol.
A cab driver was shot in the head early Saturday in northeast Salem, police said.
A cold southerly forecast for this weekend could bring snow showers to Christchurch, bringing further misery for the quake-devastated city.
NYSE Euronext markets back on line after glitch Trading on a number of European exchanges started about an hour late Thursday after a problem with NYSE Euronext's systems prevented customers from placing orders.
A natural gas outage in York County after a construction vehicle hits a gas line in Dover Township.
Oscar-winning actress Reese Witherspoon said she felt like a ``consolation prize'' at the premiere of her new film `Water for Elephants` as fans gathered to see her hunky co-star Robert Pattinson.
With increasing demand for stainless steel an continued strength of commodities stainless steel prices look set to increase in Europe.
Oscar-winning screenwriter and award-winning novelist Ruth Prawer Jhabvala has died at the age of 85, following a lifelong illness.
Stephen Baldwin is suing Kevin Costner for allegedly duping him into selling his shares in a pioneering oil separating process.
Former trade union leader Jimmy Reid has died at the age of 78, it has been announced.
The Xbox 360 has now crossed 57 million units sales worldwide, after six years of release.
New York Yankees finally managed to overcome the Detroit Tigers, prevailing 12-8 at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan on Wednesday, August 8 in third game of their four match series.
The cast of The Real Housewives of Orange County are paying Oprah a visit on her show today.
Tank farm workers health may be at risk, according to a study released by and independent panel of experts.
Michael Jackson will live close to haunted caves when he rents a country house for the duration of his concerts in London this summer.
New Delhi, April 26 India has earned a ``huge amount of goodwill'' in Africa with its development partnership that focuses on capacity building and creating employment opportunities among other things, and is not in competition with China, said former foreign secretary Shyam Saran.
A Myrtle Beach teen has been charged with Attempted Murder following a June 30th incident.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates is headed to Alabama today to speak at the Army Aviation Center at Fort Rucker.
Manufacturing orders and output are expected to fall over the next quarter, following modest rises in domestic demand and production over the past three months.
AMC has renewed zombie drama ``The Walking Dead'' for a third season, the network announced Tuesday.
A Marlborough man faces rustling charges after he allegedly shot five sheep when he should have been out hunting wild animals.
IBM said it had agreed to buy privately held Tealeaf Technology, a maker of software that helps companies analyze and react faster to customer behaviour.
Dan Wheeler signed with the Cleveland Indians yesterday, a move that should have netted the Red Sox a draft pick.
The Kansas City Royals announce the opening of the Sheridan's Signature Store at Kauffman Stadium -- the only frozen custard store to operate in a professional sports venue in the country.
School buses being used in transporting children from and to various schools each day are flouting the road traffic regulations at the expense of the safety and wellbeing of the children.
Iowa home sales and prices increased in January, according to the Iowa Association of REALTORSÂ®.
Britain is back in recession after its economy shrank in the first quarter while Prime Minister David Cameron said the country was being buffeted by the European downturn.
Blade.org, the industry consortium driving innovation in blade-based solutions, announced that Bull, a leading European provider of open, flexible and secure information systems, has joined Blade.org.
Lets face it, Reggie Bush giving back his Heisman was solely to protect his endorsement money.
A British journalist facing charges of practising journalism without accreditation in Zimbabwe has skipped bail and sneaked out of the country, according to his defence lawyers.
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has confirmed he will visit Japan in June, after he received criticism for bypassing the country on his first major overseas tour.
1 dead, 44 injured in blast in Tanzania church A woman died and 44 people were seriously wounded when a bomb exploded in a Roman Catholic church in northern Tanzania, a Tanzanian police official said Sunday The woman died in hospital as a result of the bombing in the Arusha church just before Mass, which was attended by the papal envoy to Tanzania, said Magesa Mulogo, the regional police commissioner of Arusha.
The Singapore Tourism Board is developing a new tourism roadmap called Tourism Compass 2020, which will be an enhancement of Tourism 2015, a tourism blueprint launched in 2005 with a vision to become Asia's leading MICE city, leisure destination, and services centre.
The bankruptcy law firm of Legal Helpers/Macey & Aleman will open their new Oakland, California, law office during the first week of April to better serve their clients in that part of the state.
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg, acknowledging concerns about his company's stock performance, said Tuesday that Facebook has survived troubles before.
Chairman of the Governing Council of the National African Peer Review Mechanism, Reverend Professor Samuel Adjepong, yesterday reiterated that the APRM which is a process to facilitate good governance, is non-partisan and also not for any particular government, but for the development of all Africans.
From inflation targeting to nationalising mines, two scenarios keeping the new government on its toes.
The United States will support the next Afghan president and recognizes opposition challenger Abdullah Abdullah's decision to withdraw from a runoff, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday, cited by AFP.
Hillsborough County school administrators and teachers union leaders have tentatively agreed to bring back about 130 veteran teachers who initially were told they weren't coming back in the fall.
Melissa Gilbert has been performing with a broken back for the last 4 months, according to her doctor.
Pilots based in Manchester will resist an ID card scheme ``with all legal means possible'', their union has said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) paused its repo rate at 8.50% and also held the reverse repo rate at 7.50%, and cash reserve ratio at 6 percent.
Today Readdle announces the upcoming launch of Cannons, a pirate-themed puzzle game, on the Apple App Store.
Employees return to a Kennewick casino today to collect their belongings after it unexpectedly closed yesterday.
Canadian pop star Carly Rae Jepsen has said she is praying the Boy Scouts change their minds on gay rights.
My mother encouraged me to take part so after graduating, I took this opportunity to get some experience.
Former Karnataka Chief Minister Sarekoppa Bangarappa died early this morning at a private hospital in Bangalore following a brief illness, family sources said.
Merit Medical Systems, Inc., a leading manufacturer and marketer of proprietary disposable devices used primarily in cardiology, radiology and endoscopy, today announced that it closed its public offering of 5,520,000 shares of common stock, including 720,000 shares issued as a result of the underwriters' exercise of their over-allotment option.
A horse and dog were killed in a barn fire overnight in Washington Township.
Sweet Billy Pilgrim have just unveiled the video for Archaeology, the second single from their stunning, and hugely acclaimed, new album Crown And Treaty.
America's Cup champion Alinghi of Switzerland is heading back to court to settle a dispute over the date of its showdown with BMW Oracle Racing for the oldest trophy in international sports.
Avery Dennison Corporation today announced preliminary, unaudited first quarter 2012 results.
Just about every local government office will be closing Monday for the Labor Day holiday.
BC-HKCCharges Dismissed,0112 Charges against Oshie, Radja dismissed Eds:
The latest rumor on Justin Bieber that he removed his left testicle.
Hollywood Reporter informs that singer Carly Rae Jepsen got sued by an Alabama songwriter over the motif of the song ``Good Times''.
The spinal fusion surgery commonly used to treat spinal injury could leave patients worse off in the long run, one study has indicated.
British confectionery giant Cadbury Plc warned of slower growth and retailer destocking as the economic downturn starts to bite into the chocolate eating and gum chewing habits of consumers.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said in an interview aired on Sunday that Pakistan was doing more than its share in fighting the Frankenstein of terror created jointly by many world powers including the United States.
How did Obama do in his Iraq speech on those Four Essential Items I was tracking?
A hurricane watch was issued for parts of the Texas and Mexico coasts as Tropical Storm Dolly entered the Gulf of Mexico today.
French Economy Minister Christine Lagarde said Feb 25 the turmoil in the Middle East is causing anxiety in commodities markets, as Opec promised to boost output to make up for supply disruptions.
Motorola has released their official Android upgrade schedule, giving some long-time owners a set timetable for updates to their smartphone operating system.
India and Saudi Arabia signed five agreements on Sunday after extensive delegation-level talks between the two countries.
Politico reports Mr. Romney will head back to New Hampshire at the end of April for an Americans for Prosperity forum, another sign he is ramping up his likely 2012 presidential campaign.
Paramount Chief Alie Balasama Marah has informed the Minister of Information and Communication, Alhaji Ibrahim Ben Kargbo, that ``poor road network is one of their killer diseases in Kabala''.
Johnny Depp, who dropped out of school to become a rockstar but eventually had to settle for an acting career, is planning to start his own recording label.
Military leaders in Afghanistan say nighttime raids give them a tactical advantage in capturing insurgents but that they take steps to reduce the risk to civilians.
ConocoPhillips today announced the successful startup of Qannik, the third Alpine satellite oil field, approximately two months ahead of schedule.
COUNCILLORS in Dun Laoghaire Rathdown have overwhelmingly voted to retain the generous expenses they are allocated while attending domestic and international conferences, despite an attempt by one public representative to reduce them.
A meeting of the Chickasha City Council confirmed on March 28 that water, sanitation, and sewage rates will rise and that this increase will start during the May 2011 billing phase.
Will Marcal, pictured here competing in the Bay State Games last summer, helped the LHS baseball team win its league opener on Tuesday.
Severe storms battered part of the nation's midsection, toppling trees onto homes in Arkansas and blowing rail cars off of tracks in Illinois, but unlike the storms that killed at least 46 people in six states less than a week ago, there weren't any immediate reports of injuries Tuesday.
India coach Bob Houghton on Saturday angrily denied making racist remarks in an escalating row with his employers who have already taken steps to sack the Englishman.
New research from Strategy Analytics reveal global smartphone shipments rose by an annual rate of 43% to 60 million units during the second quarter of 2010.
Dec 12, 2011 - The Pirates announced Monday night that they've acquired infielder Casey McGehee from the Brewers in exchange for relief pitcher Jose Veras.
In another incident of violence involving a municipal poll candidate, a Shiv Sena nominee was stabbed in outer Delhi on Thursday morning by four persons with police saying it appears to be a case of personal rivalry not linked with elections.
Interior ministry on Friday told the National Assembly that there is no ban on foreigners to purchase property in Pakistan, adding that, 253 Nigerian are illegally residing in the country.
US President Barack Obama hailed an ``historic consensus'' on battling climate change on Thursday, saying rich nations had a duty to lead the fight as they won backing from emerging powers.
Kenna is set to release three new EPs this year in preparation for his 2012 album Songs for Flight.
Xavi has acknowledged that Barcelona have not won anything yet, but that their game against Bayern Munich on Wednesday night was ``perfect''.
Sigourney Weaver has attacked Oscar voters, saying James Cameron didn't land the Best Director Oscar gong because he 'didn't have breasts.
The Church of Scientology now states that it is NOT anti-gay after the resignation letter from award winning Director and writer Paul Haggis went viral on the internet over the weekend.
Pop star Madonna and British film director Guy Ritchie have agreed to divorce, they announced on Wednesday, ending nearly eight years of marriage and months of tabloid speculation over their relationship.
Dita Von Teese Leaves Avalon In Hollywood , California.
Burt Reynolds, who was hospitalized in Florida last week with the flu, has been released from the hospital.
The Uruguayan government has modified the bidding terms for offshore oil and gas exploration and exploitation, given the dramatic fall in oil prices and the deepening global economic crisis.
A West Michigan teacher accused of having sex with a student is headed to trial.
India put already-eliminated Pakistan out of its misery in the Champions Trophy by thrashing its fierce rival by eight wickets in a rain-hit match on Saturday, clinching a third straight win for the tournament favorite.
Facebook is terminating its verified apps service, which was intended to direct users to trustworthy apps, less than a year after its launch.
A cyclist is dead after being hit by a truck in Auckland on Wednesday evening.
Operation Lifesaver, in partnership with the US Department of Transportation and major railroad companies, is launching a ``Common Sense'' public awareness safety campaign to reduce train-related pedestrian deaths and injuries.
A UKIP election candidate has been suspended after reportedly posting anti-Semitic comments on a conspiracy theory website.
A MAN died after he was hit by a car and then a van in Leeds last night.
Anderson County voters rejected the proposed county road unit system Tuesday by a 63-to-37 percent margin.
Guard Kyle Weaver, a second-round draft pick, signed a multiyear contract Wednesday with Oklahoma City.
Exposure to iodinated contrast media during imaging procedures is associated with changes in thyroid function, and increased risk of developing hyperthyroidism, according to a report in the January 23 issue of Archives of Internal Medicine, one of the JAMA/Archives journals.
Australian actor Mel Gibson has hit a new low, with tape emerging of him in a full-on sexist, racist rant.
After some warmer than normal spring days, colder temperatures are returning for the weekend, the National Weather Service says.
Amanda Seyfried will play Linda Lovelace in one of two projects underway about the porn star of Deep Throat.
Brazilian airline TAM has received authorization from the National Civil Aviation Agency to begin regular daily operations to Lima, Peru.
The death of a man whose skeletal remains were found along a hiking trail in Palolo Valley last month has been ruled a suicide.
Chapel Hill Transit will provide a Tar Heel Express shuttle service for the Sept. 1 Elon University football game.
A former New Haven detective, who admitted he planted drug evidence and stole money from a crime scene, was sentenced Tuesday to 15 months in a federal prison.
Ian White will play as a forward again tonight when the Toronto Maple Leafs host the Detroit Red Wings.
Pittsburgh Pirates All-Star outfielder Andrew McCutchen hosts more than 300 kids at a youth baseball camp, where he stresses the importance of playing the game for fun.
FIFA suspended Peru from international football Tuesday because the government is feuding with the national federation.
Supporters of historic horse racing fell one vote short in their effort to override a veto from Gov. Heineman.
A cop killer who avoided prison with an insanity plea remains in legal limbo 30 years after his crime.
CALGARY, Alberta & CHICAGO---Critical Mass, an Omnicom digital marketing agency, and Infiniti, leading manufacturer of performance luxury vehicles, jointly announced the launch of a global brand website for Infiniti.
A 79-year-old Madera man is dead after being hit by a vehicle as he apparently walked home from a store.
The Iranian authorities on Monday suspended two prominent opposition political parties, banned a newspaper and handed down prison sentences to three reformist political figures, in the latest sign that the country's hard-line rulers aim to crush any official political representation by the reformist movement.
Tesco Mobile has just announced their iPhone tariffs which will enable consumers to purchase the iPhone 3GS the most competitive prices and contract deals yet.
A Metro police officer has been indicted on a slew of charges in an alleged cocaine distribution conspiracy.
After the Tehran International Book Fair, which will be held from May 4 to 14, Afghanistan will host an Iranian book fair, the managing director of Erfan Publications Mohammad-Ebrahim Shariati told the Persian service of the Mehr News Agency.
Paul McCartney finally got his own star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame on Thursday, becoming the last of the four Beatles to receive the honour.
Mattson Technology was raised by Needham & Company from a ``hold'' rating to a ``buy'' rating in a research note released on Friday.
Ian Holloway is backing shot-shy striker Aaron Wilbraham to fill the void left by injured top scorer Glenn Murray in the npower Championship play-off final.
Wayamba has won the toss and will bat first against Central Stags with both teams still seeking their first win of the Champions League Twenty20 before they head home.
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt is ready to prove that he is still the best on the planet, despite suggestions that he might be losing his edge after losing to Tyson Gay last season.
``I have to be more relaxed,'' Guillen said Saturday after a question-and-and answer session with fans.
New Hampshire's warm, wet summer has prompted a bumper crop of fall webworms and ugly webs that look like cotton candy in trees around the state.
ConocoPhillips, an integrated energy company, has announced several executive management changes to support the company's business and strategic priorities and to advance its corporate succession plans.
Skier Lindsey Vonn has helped the American team own our podium while Canadian athletes projected to win medals have come up short.
Repsol YPF SA, Spain's biggest oil company, aims to sell part of its stake in its Argentine unit to local investors, Chief Executive Officer Antonio Brufau said.
Southwark council has launched a mobile recycling centre which allows residents to recycle items that cannot be included in ordinary household recycling collections.
Pakistan should put its ``own house in order'' in the wake of the Mumbai terror attacks and ensure that militancy is not ``exported'' from its soil to any other country, former premier Nawaz Sharif has said.
Eduardo Arellano Felix, the fourth oldest of the seven Arellano Felix brothers, made his first appearance in a US court on September 4, after being extradited to the US five days earlier.
Pakistan Muslim League Functional President Pir Pagara has distanced himself from former president Pervez Musharraf.
Motorola Inc posted a quarterly net loss as revenue fell a steeper-than-expected 15 per cent, and delayed its plan to spin off its cell phone unit as it struggled to regain its footing in the market.
A team of Swedish and German researchers has uncovered how negative ions interact, according to findings set out in the Review of Scientific Instruments.
In the race for Connecticut's open state and Congressional seats, the Republicans will be on top of the ballot.
State Rep. Calvin Hill is sponsoring House Bill 394, which would allow state lawmakers to carry firearms on government property.
The big day is less than five weeks away and today we have news that Apple will be holding a one day sale across the world this coming Friday.
The all-new 2012 Porsche 911 Carrera and 911 Carrera S unveiled in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not long after Porsche introduced for the Europe market.
Panasonic will unveil a new digital SLR camera in its Lumix range next week, the company said Wednesday.
A train struck and killed an unidentified man Sunday night in downtown Shreveport, police said.
Greg Marshall reaffirmed Sunday that he's close to a deal with the Saskatchewan Roughriders to become the CFL team's next head coach.
The Red Cross is opening a 4th service center to help storm victims in need.
The national strategy to combat human trafficking was launched on Tuesday with an emphasis on prevention, protection, law enforcement and international cooperation.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra will give a free outdoor concert on Wednesday from 6 to 8:30 pm under the gazebo at Lafreniere Park, 3000 Downs Blvd., Metairie.
State-run Borse Dubai successfully raised $2.5 billion for a syndicated one-year loan with help from state-run banks, bankers close to the deal said yesterday.
Handset manufacturer HTC has launched its first global ad campaign as part of its Quietly Brilliant branding push.
As first reported by Terez Paylor of the Kansas City Star, the Royals have claimed hard-throwing right-handed reliever Maikel Cleto off waivers from the Cardinals and designated outfielder Quintin Berry for assignment to open up a spot on the 40-man roster.
A UAE private equity firm managing funds plans to raise its stake in Kazakhstan's number two bank Kazkommerts to more than 25 per cent, it said yesterday.
SUPREME Court Bar Association President Ali Ahmad Kurd has said that the lower judiciary must be free from corruption as it is the backbone of the judicial system.
Two Marseilles men were arrested Wednesday in connection with two January burglaries in the community.
FIVE wooden benches originally made by Alstonville High School students are back in use.
More than 60,000 people visited an Aldenham temple before a world-renowned Hindu festival drew to a close yesterday.
The Dallas Mavericks won their first ever NBA championship Sunday night with a 105-95 win over the Heat in Game 6 of the finals in Miami.
Fergie is claiming to be every man's fantasy, both ``the Madonna and the whore'' in the latest issue of Cosmo UK.
Libyan rebels warned on Thursday of an impending massacre in Misrata by troops loyal to Muammar Gaddafi if NATO does not intensify its attacks on government forces there.
Copper ended firm on Monday, with prices in both London and New York holding near 14-month highs, as investment funds continued to seek safety in tangible assets such as the industrial metals as a hedge against inflation.
EW Scripps Co. says it's putting the Rocky Mountain News up for sale after losing $$11 million on the Denver operation in the first nine months of the year.The newspaper announced the development on its Web site Thursday.Cincinnati-based Scripps has owned the News since 1926.
Georgia's pro-Western President Mikheil Saakashvili on Friday launched one of his strongest attacks yet against Russia, declaring that ``today we are looking evil in the eye''.
Germany today said Pakistan is ''not doing enough'' to combat terrorism, noting that the situation in that country is an issue of ''central concern'' to it.
London, Oct 20 Girls Aloud singer Nadine Coyle has revealed that she doesn't like over-confident men and can't stand it if they talk too much.
Toy and board game high street retailer Hawkin's Bazaar has entered administration despite the recent boost from Christmas trading.
Patriots starting right guard Dan Connolly, who returned a kickoff 71 yards in the first half, has a head injury and his return to the game is ``questionable.''
Ashley Furniture closed escrow on the former Wickes building, purchasing the freeway-frontage property for $4.2 million, according to a statement from Grubb & Ellis.
A discussion on pain management was held at GMCH-32 on Monday.
Professional disgraced 'bad boy' John Leslie who serves as a warning to all young cassanovas - 'what you do at twenty catches up with you at forty' has been accused of rap by motor mouth rapper Kanye West.
Wendy's International has moved its Latin America and South Florida headquarters to Sunrise from Miami.
A 53-year-old grandmother killed two family cats in front of her grandchildren using a meat cleaver before placing the bodies under her bed and leaving the apartment to go to church.
Germany coach Joachim Low is set to experiment in his side's November friendlies against Ukraine and the Netherlands, Zeit.de reports.
A Swedish court on Monday charged a 53-year-old Rwandan man with genocide, accusing him of having taken part in the massacres in his country in 1994.
Tax authorities have decided to issue special notices to 100 major defaulters for not paying their taxes, said officials on Thursday.
Today we launch ``What's For Lunch, Saline?'' a new feature that's designed to connect hungry readers with local restaurants and their food.
Neighborhood House in Calexico has received a $5,000 grant from Banamex USA for contruction of a new womens and childrens shelter.
US rail intermodal traffic rose 3.9% last week from the same week a year ago to 248,266 units, the Association of American Railroads reported.
A bill that would make police incident reports available to the public cleared the floor of the Mississippi Senate today with no dissent.
Dubstep pioneer Benga has revealed brand new track 'Icon', which you can hear below, as the first single to be taken from his forthcoming second album 'Chapter 2'.
The new Global Strike Command being installed at Barksdale Air Force Base has passed an environmental assessment, allowing the command to move forward.
I'm A Celebrity 2012 saw David Haye becoming the eighth person to leave the jungle, meaning that he just lost out on a place in the final.
A veteran Halifax developer who helped create Historic Properties is striking back at a local heritage group for what he calls misinformation about his latest development proposal.
President Hugo Chavez threatened Saturday to imprison the popular governor of Venezuela's western Zulia state for allegedly plotting to kill him.
Security By You has launched a brand new website to provide the company's first platform for nationwide online retail sales of its Do It Yourself Alarm Systems.
The Indian rupee edged higher in range-bound trade on Tuesday, the first trading day of the new fiscal year, helped by bunched-up inflows, but a record current account deficit weighed on the currency's fortunes.
Novak Djokovic will team with his idol Pete Sampras to play Bob and Mike Bryan in a doubles exhibition on March 4 at UCLA's Pauley Pavilion.
The Islamic Development Bank provided loan for Turkish railways on Thursday, Turkey's Treasury Undersecretariat said.
In a study to be presented on Feb. 16 at the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine's annual meeting, The Pregnancy Meeting ™, in San Francisco, researchers will report findings that suggest comprehensive maternal hemorrhage protocols reduce utilization of blood products and improve patient safety.
Employers posted the most job openings in four years in June, a sign that hiring may pick up.
Pure Fishing, a leading global provider of branded fishing products, today announced plans to establish its world headquarters in Columbia, South Carolina.
Adele has been spotted out with her newborn son for the first time since giving birth to the tot last month.
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has said that Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and running mate Paul Ryan ``know what to do'' to maintain US leadership.
A nail has been found stuck in ham package sold at a discount store here, police said.
An Iuka woman died in an early morning house fire Monday at her home on Old Highway 25 North in Iuka.
Yuba Community College District trustees narrowly rejected a fiscal contingency plan Wednesday that faculty critics said failed to include enough administrators on a layoff list.
Emkay Securities maintained BUY rating on Axis Bank with a price target of Rs 900 as against current market price of Rs 663.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, MCXCOMDEX is trading flat at 2,286.93, up 0.36 points, or 0.02%, after opening at 2,286.79.
Arts and cultural groups are scrambling to find new venues after being told that a hip evangelical church has bought The Centre for the Performing Arts in downtown Vancouver and plans to take over the 1,800-seat theatre this summer.
A TEENAGE sex attacker raped a schoolgirl after posing as a good Samaritan who was taking her home.
General Motors, the largest US automaker and one of the industrial icons that helped define the nation's economic growth and prosperity for most of the 20th century, filed for bankruptcy Monday morning in New York.
The US dollar fell against most major currencies on Wednesday as the Federal Reserve's rate decision and wholesale inflation data weighed on the greenback.
Bladders do not appear to shrink with age, suggesting that urinary troubles in older people can no longer be considered a normal part of aging, according to new study.
Turkey and the Syrian National Council offer Syrian President Bashar al-Assad help in finding a new home, RIA Novosti reports.
Character actor Henry Gibson died this week at 73.
Visible minorities are significantly less likely to become federal judges compared to straight, white men and are noticeably absent from the judicial selection process, a new report by Ryerson University's Diversity Institute shows.
Seattle-based design consultancy Teague has launched a new website at http://www.teague.com.
Rio Tinto signed a state support agreement with the government of Madhya Pradesh to further advance its Bunder diamond project in India, the company reported.
More Kentucky counties have been designated as drought disaster areas, Gov. Steve Beshear announced Wednesday.
European qualifying wrestling tournament for the Summer Olympic Games kicks off in Bulgaria on April 20.
The Bank of Japan decided today to keep interest rates unchanged at 0.1% for the 12th consecutive meeting and said it will end corporate debts purchases by the end of this year as it was scheduled, while the bank decided to extend the limitless lending program till March 31 accepting and accepted low rated debts as a collateral till the end of next year.
Gordon received a member award of merit for the Alberta Division of the MS Society, after her work led to the formation of a MS Connector Services Committee.
THE Weston arts festival enters its second week with a wide range of shows on offer, from West End musicals to pinhole photography.
ICICI Prudential today launched two life insurance products, ICICI Pru Elite Life and ICICI Pru Elite Wealth, that offer customers the flexibility of choosing the frequency of their premium payments.
As energetic as always, Memphis coach and former Arizona Wildcat Josh Pastner met with the media Thursday.
US President Barack Obama expressed solidarity with Prime Minister Gordon Brown over the ``unacceptable'' jailing by Iran of a British embassy employee, their governments said Thursday.
A former Madison High School softball coach pleaded guilty to having sex with a student.
Mystery surrounds blood and a pair of glasses that were found in a Sutton street this morning.
Denny Hamlin said Wednesday his knee is feeling better and he expects to run the full race this weekend at Texas Motor Speedway.
Wells Fargo & Co. CFO Howard Atkins, whose sudden departure was announced this week, will leave with more than $22 million in pay and benefits.
Aspirin, according to some recent trails, may help treat colon cancer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver may be set for a sensational reconciliation after sources claim the couple are attending 'couples therapy' in a bid to save their scandal-hit marriage.
Odense goalkeeper Arek Onyszko has been charged with violence and threats against his former wife, the Polish player's club said Monday.
The government yesterday revealed it intends to resurrect its £1bn carbon capture and storage competition, just a few months after £1bn from a first failed attempt at promoting the technology was reallocated to other infrastructure schemes by the Treasury.
The rupee, after remaining under pressure for the last couple of days, regained strength against the dollar in the inter-bank market, dealers said on Wednesday.
Judge won't dismiss part of Martha Stewart lawsuit A New York State Supreme Court judge has rejected a motion by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia lawyers to dismiss Macy's claim that the New York-based merchandising and media company violated its pact when it developed certain products for competitor JC Penney even though they don't carry the home designer's name.
An experimental plane crashed today in the backyard of a Perris home, leaving the pilot seriously injured.
A 28-year-old man, identified as MA Aziz, died on the spot when an unidentified car hit him in the early hours of Friday near Mindspace in Madhapur.
Actor James Franco is all set to direct ``Child of God'', a film based on Cormac McCarthy's novel.
R&B Singer Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty Friday to charges brought against her for dodging federal taxes.
A 35-year-old Tampa man is accused of trafficking in heroin, racketeering and conspiracy to commit racketeering.
Birds may face higher risk of extinction than conventionally thought, says a bird ecology and conservation expert from Stanford University.
Boston police are investigating an overnight shooting in Hyde Park that witnesses say left a teenager dead.
WALLABIES and Brumbies utility Julian Huxley has a brain tumour, Brumbies chief executive officer Andrew Fagan says.
As cleanup begins, officials report that six tornadoes touched down in Georgia.
The Town of Westport has launched a new website at that gives visitors more online offerings and includes a mobile version for the latest handheld phones and tablets.
A Kazakh fugitive accused of embezzling about $20 million from his homeland was living in a lavish King City mansion until his recent arrest.
LONDON -An English youth academy player has been charged with the stabbing murder of a 15-year-old girl last weekend.
Barletta, R-Hazleton, confirmed that he will run for a second term, saying that after 9 months in office ``it's clear a lot of work needs to be done.''
Famous Pakistani musician Rahat Fateh Ali Khan has said that 'Aman Ki Asha' between Pakistan and India is getting more success and sentiments of friendship are improving in two neighbours.
An Israeli air raid on the northern Gaza Strip killed two Palestinians and wounded a third on Wednesday, a spokesman for the Hamas-run emergency services told AFP.
North Korea launched a long-range rocket on Sunday that passed over Japan, the government in Tokyo said, defying calls from world leaders to scrap a plan that has caused international alarm.
In a phone call today, President Barack Obama told Vladimir Putin that he ``looks forward to visiting'' Russia in September, according to the White House.
Actor Tom Sizemore was arrested and jailed Tuesday on an outstanding warrant and later released on a 26,000-dollar bail, Entertainment Weekly reported.
ORICA has pleaded guilty to breaching its Environmental Protection Licence last year when ammonium nitrate was discharged from its Kooragang Island plant.
THE region's best young netballers gathered at the Townsville Ergon Energy Building recently to learn vital leadership skills.
IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt on Monday alleged that former Gujarat minister Amit Shah had tried to influence his deposition before SIT about Chief Minister Narendra Modi's meeting after the Godhra train attack where he reportedly said that Hindus should be allowed to 'vent their anger.
Flanker John Barclay maintains the belief Scotland can defeat arch-rivals England to rescue their World Cup campaign and avoid a premature return home.
US President Barack Obama congratulates President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev on the occasion of Eid-al-Adha, press service of the President told APA.
Former Olympic ice dancer Pasha Grishuk was drugged with GHB, a common date rape drug, during a business meeting at a ritzy Orange County hotel, a sheriff's spokesman said Tuesday.
The UFC announced today that Tyson Griffin will make his featherweight debut against former top contender Manvel ``Manny'' Gamburyan at UFC on Versus 4.
Fallout 3 has been named the game of the year at the 9th annual Game Developers Choice Awards.
Wesley Snipes will not be allowed to appeal his prison sentence to the US Supreme Court.
CHRISTMAS dinners worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a family-run, north-east butcher.
Manchester post production house Sumners is downsizing and moving to smaller premises at MediaCityUK.
Luca Badoer says he feels just as sorry for Michael Schumacher as he does for Felipe Massa as he finalises his preparations for a Formula 1 return in Valencia this weekend.
A St. Paul daycare provider was struck in the arm by an apparent wayward bullet on Monday while caring for three small children in a North End-area home, authorities say.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, speaking at the owners' meetings in Orlando, Fla., on Monday, said he will meet with Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger at the ``appropriate time'' regarding sexual-assault allegations levied against Pittsburgh's starting quarterback, according to multiple media outlets.
Financial services firm Goldman Sachs was upgraded to buy from hold by TheStreet Ratings on Friday.
The Wheeling Nailers announced that they will open training camp at 3 pm on Friday when they take the ice at WesBanco Arena.
India on Thursday expressed its readiness to work with the international community to promote gender equality and empowerment of women in rural areas for achieving inclusive and sustainable growth.
A CITY coach firm has denied 26 charges of having its drivers work excessive hours and misuse tachographs.
A Greeley high school teacher was arrested Tuesday, accused of groping a 16-year-old student in a classroom.
Akansa Chapter visited the Library of Congress at the 117th Continental Congress of the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution to present five computer disks filled with veterans' information for the Veterans History Project.
Uttar Pradesh government today said that it was not considering the regularisation of illegal colonies already developed by builders using private land.
Rice importers in the Kingdom have threatened to increase the price of this essential commodity by the middle of this year unless the Ministry of Finance pays them the subsidy which the government fixed at SR1,000 for each ton.
Tickets will go on sale at 6 pm Thursday, Sept. 4 for the Randolph Township trip to see ``Gypsy'' at the St. James Theatre in New York City.
Commissioner for Civil Aviation Colin Jordaan says regional airline SA Airlink is ``fit to fly.''
Former England defender Gary Neville has been appointed to the England coaching staff on a four-year contract.
NJ teacher denies soliciting sex from student on Facebook A northern New Jersey high school teacher is denying allegations that he arranged to meet a male student at a fast-food restaurant and pay the youth $50 for sex.
Liz Claiborne Inc. predicted Wednesday that it will keep losing money in the first half of the year as it confronts a severe pullback in consumer spending.
Prince William is set to be deployed to the Falkland Islands today to continue his search and rescue pilot training.
Ananova.com reports that Jay-Z praised West after the rapper was voted the best on a list of Hottest MCs In The Game.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki extended on Friday the deadline for the Shia militia Mahdi Army to lay down its weapons until April 8, media reports said.
3 Feb, 01:26 - Teri Hatcher has admitted that she sleeps in the same bed as her pet bulldog.
Canada competition watchdog reaches airline deal Canada's competition watchdog says it has reached an agreement with Air Canada and US partner United Continental that will allow them to cooperate on transborder routes while protecting consumers.
Disney Channel and Disney XD today announced an open casting call in Austin, Texas, to give promising, new actors and actresses an opportunity of a lifetime to audition for casting representatives.
England have restricted India to 120 for 9 in the one-off Twenty20 international at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Saturday.
Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers' unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls, and they can start tilling their land.
Upscale retailer Williams-Sonoma Inc. of San Francisco says it is lowering its revenue and earnings guidance for the third quarter of its fiscal year that ends Nov. 2 as well as its full fiscal year, which ends Feb. 1, 20099.
Kylie Minogue has hit out at her record label Parlophone following poor sales of her recent singles.
Biotechnology company Genzyme Corp. said yesterday it will buy back $1 billion in common stock from Goldman Sachs & Co.
Unruly drinkers are to be shown the red card under a pioneering scheme to ban undesirable customers from Yarmouth's licensed premises instantly.
The United States through American Red Cross has pledged to donate $50,000 to flood victims in the Western Division.
The 17-member eurozone and 27-member European Union avoided falling back into recession in the first quarter of the year, with few countries like Germany, Finland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Belgium confounding expectations with a positive growth.
Plant Hatch, a nuclear power plant located in Baxley, held a practice drill on Wednesday, Nov. 2.
May 10, 2013 PepsiCo says it plans to start testing new fountain equipment at restaurants that offers nearly 100 different flavor combinations.
Skanska USA is moving its New York headquarters to the Empire State Building, where it will retrofit the 32nd floor for LEED certification.
Congressman Chris Gibson, R-Kinderhook, will appear on ABC's ``This Week'' with Christiane Amanpour on Sunday, Jan. 9, according to a release from his office.
Michael Jackson could make his long awaited comeback at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles next month, according to reports.
Five persons were killed and two seriously injured when a boiler meant for melting iron scraps exploded in an industrial estate on Thursday, police said.
Minister of State for Food Supplies and Consumer Welfare Sharada Prasanna Nayak today informed the Assembly that a new procurement policy will be formulated to ensure that the farmers get minimum support price for foodgrains and other agricultural produce.
A dairy cow calls out in Chino, California April 25, 2012.
SWACO will hold its first mobile Household Hazardous Waste collection of 2011 in Franklin County this weekend.
SIRIUSXM RADIO fourth quarter 2012 revenue rose 14% to $892 million, with net income doubling from $71 million to $156 million and adjusted EBITDA up 38% to $230 million.
Earlier today I posted on the white iPhone 4 and the reasons it has been delayed, you can read that article however something has now been reported that may give reason to presume the white iPhone 4 availability roll out by Apple could be slow.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have not broken up despite reports indicting they have, according to her rep.
Israeli forces Thursday arrested five Palestinians from Qalqilia and Jenin governorates, north of the West Bank.
Barnes Group Inc., a diversified global manufacturer and logistical services company, today announced it is withdrawing full year 2009 earnings guidance due to increased uncertainty in the transportation sector, which is approximately one-third of revenues, and continued weakness in the macroeconomic environment.
Conservative candidates running to replace Nevada Senator Harry Reid, along with those running for governor will debate in Reno tonight.
An Ontario animal shelter rushed to judgment in declaring a ringworm outbreak that led to dozens of animals being euthanized just over a year ago, experts said in a report on the incident.
India on Thursday announced a set of reforms in education system to bring it at part with European countries.
Obesity is a major contributor to heart disease that substantially hinders the disease's proper diagnosis and treatment, says a cardiologist researching the impact of obesity and weight loss on the heart.
Samsung accessories were hotter than Nokia accessories according to mobile phone accessories supplier DockandCover.
Graduate jobs provider Balfour Beatty has secured work on six construction frameworks worth more than £250m through its contractor Mansell.
Dame Helen Mirren hated Alfred Hitchcock when they first met.
- U2 had the highest grossing tour of the year in 2011, with its 360 Tour raking in $231.9 in ticket sales worldwide in just 34 shows.
Congolese former Prime Minister Bernard Kolelas, who was also the mayor of Brazzaville, died Friday in Paris, France, where he had been receiving treatment for months, aged 76, Congolese state radio announced.
A new national grocery store will open soon in east Greensboro, according to Greensboro City Councilman Jim Kee.
A shooting in Pasco sends one teenager to the hospital with a shot to his arm.
You may remember that we started putting together how to fix Internet Explorer guides earlier this week following lots of reports of problems, firstly we showed you how to uninstall unnecessary toolbars, today we will show you how to reset Internet Explorer back to its factory settings, this usually fixes most IE-related problems, this guide will help Internet Explorer 6, 7 or 8 users.
Duke Of Marmalade will run in Tuesday's Juddmonte International, trainer Aidan O'Brien confirmed on Monday afternoon.
A Sanford woman heading home from a South Dakota motorcycle rally has died in a crash on Interstate 70 in Missouri.
A Manchester man was charged with attacking his girlfriend and seriously injuring her because he believed she was having an affair.
Secretary Health Punjab Arif Nadim has said that a special mass vaccination campaign against measles is being launched in Lahore from April 29 which would continue till May 5.
The Justice Department today announced that it will monitor the primary elections on June 1, 2010, in Cibola and Sandoval Counties, NM, to ensure compliance with the minority language requirements of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and other federal voting rights statutes.
Applied Materials said Wednesday that it swung to a profit for its fiscal third quarter.
A man accused of dumping his 2-year-old son's body in a trash can and then filling it with 450 pounds of concrete is out on bond.
Keith Brown has been named as the new Scottish transport minister following the resignation of Stewart Stevenson.
A brawl between six men broke spilled onto TV Highway in Aloha, according to police.
Cherry Hill Police are participating in the ``Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over'' driving while intoxicated enforcement campaign again this holiday season.
Britain is to withdraw the children of all its diplomats based in Islamabad in the wake of the bombing at the Marriott Hotel in the capital city of Islamabad last month, the Foreign Office has said.
To welcome harud season, 'harud tree talks' were held in a row in Srinagar.
Former Renault boss Flavio Briatore asked a French court on Tuesday to overturn his lifetime suspension from Formula One and force the sport's governing body to pay him $1.5 million in damages.
A Fort Hood soldier, originally from New York and now living in Temple, is accused of threatening his girlfriend with a handgun.
PRIME Minister Gordon Brown will appear in front of the Iraq inquiry before the general election.
A Prince Albert police officer pleaded guilty to assault Tuesday for using excessive force during the arrest of a man on New Year's Eve in 2010.
Washington, Apr 24 The United States today said it supports the Indian efforts to stop fighting in Sri Lanka and appealed to both the Rajapaksa Government and LTTE to end hostilities.
After a long treck, Universal finally bought out EMI worldwide on Friday after US and UK authorities gave the all clear, although the deals weren't without their conditions.
In a relatively minor deal that actually helps both teams involved, the Toronto Raptors have reportedly traded Jason Kapono to the Sixers for Reggie Evans.
Mark Schwarz reports from Foxborough, Mass., where Rob Gronkowski missed practice due to a high ankle sprain.
Johnson is the third forward to join Preston under Phil Brown after the club were able to secure the services of the American international from the Cottagers, who paid £3million to acquire his services from Kansas City Wizards.
US President Barack Obama congratulated India on its ``historic'' national elections saying he looks forward to continue working with the Indian government to enhance the ``warm partnership'' between the two countries.
The International Monetary Fund's steering committee has said that global financial instability has increased and monetary policy should be flexible and aim for medium-term price stability.
Lebanon is considering a plan to evacuate its citizens from war-torn Ivory Coast, Prime Minister Saad Hariri's office reported on Monday.
Finally Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom have confirmed what we've all suspected since their quickie wedding last month... she's pregnant!!
Microsoft has issued an update to Silverlight for Windows and the Mac to fix a number of bugs to improve security and reliability.
Lansing school officials are calling their new mobile enrollment unit a success.
Former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan launched a commission on Thursday to tackle drug trafficking in West Africa.
Anton Ferdinand has allegedly received a bullet in the post ahead of Saturday's FA Cup tie between QPR and Chelsea.
However, the Reserve Bank has indicated that it may not cut interest rates to promote growth in its policy.
Tech is the second university ever to have its moot court team defend and keep its national title.
Primary One class sizes in Scotland are to be legally limited to a maximum of 25 pupils.
Former golden girl of Indian athletics PT Usha, who missed the bronze medal at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics by 1/100th of a second, on Saturday said that India will have to wait for an Olympic medal in athletics.
On September 9, the Dubai Metro celebrated one year of operation amid huge success indicators in the operational efficiency, punctuality in journey schedules, highest global safety standards, and a number of users who clocked from the inception up to the first of week of September this year about 30 million passengers.
The International Baccalaureate will host its 29th annual conference for educators throughout the Americas region from 15-18 July at the Fontainebleau Hotel, Miami Beach, Florida.
Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba hopes Friday's World Cup draw is kinder to his team than it was four years ago.
The Founder and Leader of Muttahida Quami Movement Mr Altaf Hussain has said that the terrorist elements carrying out attack on defence installations, slaughtering the personnel of the armed forced defending the borders, and instigating sectarian bloodshed were open enemies of Pakistan and not its friends.
George Zimmerman, the Neighborhood Watch volunteer who fatally shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in February, has started a website and is soliciting donations, MSNBC.com reports.
Who Wants To Beat Nickelback? was a top story.
The Eastern Regional Minister, Mr Samuel Ofosu-Ampofo, on Thursday reminded accountants of educational institutions that they would render accounts of their stewardship to the owners of the funds they handled.
The Charlie Daniels Band concert at the Independence Events Center has been canceled.
Saudi Aramco delays two oil production development projects as demand for oil falters on back of global crisis.
The Pakistani Taliban has begun a revenge killing spree in Karachi, with mostly 'anti-Taliban' workers as their main targets.
Energy minister Taner Yildiz will travel to Russia to hold energy talks this week.
Google expanded its online bookstore to Canada on November 1, offering hundreds of thousands of electronic books for sale and millions of others for free.
A North Little Rock man is wanted for capital murder.
COLUMBUS, Ohio Police say an Ohio State football recruit remains in critical condition a day after he was shot multiple times and a teenage girl was killed at a house in Youngstown.
Texas A&M has finalized their 2012 football schedule - their first as a member of the Southeastern Conference - by adding FCS opponent Sam Houston State to its previously open November 17 date.
Royal Dutch Shell said it had agreed to buy shale assets for $1.935 billion from Chesapeake Energy, as part of vast divestment plans unveiled by the US natural gas giant.
Koobflog.com announces updates to the website including a new logo, and a new look to the golf social network.
Eclipse Aviation Corp., the closely held Albuquerque, NM, producer of small personal jets, filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of US bankruptcy law after being hurt by manufacturing problems and tighter global credit markets, The Wall Street Journal reported.
Amy Adams opens up about her engagement to actor Darren Le Gallo and their wedding plans in the August issue of Allure magazine.
Marketing consortium TIPTO will take its travel agent roadshows to Jersey for the first time this autumn.
A flash flood watch has been issued for Butler and Warren counties by the National Weather Service in Wilmington.
Douglas County has settled a lawsuit with a former employee of the county clerk's office, who claimed she was wrongfully terminated.
Former South Africa fast bowler and New Zealand bowling coach Allan Donald reckons that reverse swing, an art he mastered belatedly in his career, will play a decisive role in the World Cup.
Stem cells injected in the heart help it pump better a year after a heart attack, according to a study at the MD Anderson Cancer center.
Big revelation in Bofors scam, Former Sweden police chief Sten Lindstrom says Rajiv Gandhi deliberately protected Quattrocchi.
London, Apr 4 India hopes to increase its share in the quotas of multilateral development banks like the International Monetary Fund and Asian Development Bank after major stakeholders in them bring forward the issue of quota review and expanding in accordance with current realities that will give proper representation to the emerging economies.
An Iraqi Marsh Arab carries reeds at the Chebayesh marsh in Nassiriya, 300 km southeast of Baghdad, February 15, 2013.
Sterling Bancorp said Monday that it will offer 5.1 million shares to raise money for general corporate purposes.
Burnley fans are being asked to dig deep for Clarets legend Gary Parkinson at Turf Moor this weekend.
The Board of Directors of Southside Bancshares, Inc. SBSI, parent company of Southside Bank declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per common share.
David Cameron arrives in Northern Ireland for the G8 summit.
Tom Cruise has officially signed on to star in MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 5, marking a return to the lucrative franchise for both Cruise, Paramount and Skydance Productions.
THE prosecution has demanded the Latin Kings gang be disbanded in Mallorca after several of its members allegedly beat-up a young Bolivian in Palma at the end of 2008.
Lt. Gov. Brad Owen was fined $1,000 on Thursday for failing to submit finance reports related to his campaign and surplus accounts.
Justin Bieber has claimed that he is planning to release an acoustic album, just in time for Christmas.
The new Big Brother 2013 housemates had their suitcases shredded this evening, as part of an evil launch night twist!
Wimbledon organisers have promised to stop shooting pigeons around the All England Club following outrage from animal activists groups.
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas has been ruled out of the Carling Cup final on Sunday with a hamstring injury.
In a stinging attack at his former party, Lok Sabha speaker Somnath Chatterjee on Tuesday said the CPM has reduced itself to a ``non-actor'' in national politics after withdrawing support to the Congress-led coalition describing the action as a ``big blunder''.
On Saturday, the Bulls showed their determination to win against the Wizards at the United Center.
Disney star Miley Cyrus is not taking sides as her parents proceed with their divorce after being married for 17 years, a source told People magazine Wednesday.
Rep. Michele Bachmann will officially kick off her presidential campaign on Monday in her birthplace of Waterloo, Iowa.
Two kids eat free with one adult meal all day today.
Russia has withdrawn its troops from Georgia to South Ossetia ``as planned,'' Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said yesterday.
China has condemned the disruption of the Beijing Olympic torch relay in London and Paris by Tibet independence secessionists.
A PENSIONER is to stand trial after being accused of performing a sex act on himself at his bedroom window in view of others on the evening of September 16.
Cheney, 71, received the heart transplant at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church, Va., according to the statement from his office, which was obtained by FOX News Channel.
Congress passed a stopgap three-month bill Thursday to keep federal highway and transit aid flowing and avoid a widespread shutdown of construction projects.
St. Petersburg police are investigating a deadly car crash this morning.
Web-auction giant eBay has completed its sale of online telephony player Skype to an investor group led by Silver Lake and including two of Skype's founders in a deal valuing the business at US$2.75 billion.
If you want to understand how cloud storage works, though, it's helpful to stop thinking in terms of files or even data.
Ahmedabad, February 9 Eminent lawyer Fali S Nariman on Saturday said that judicial governance in India is inevitable, as it is mandated by the Constitution and the Supreme Court has been given specific powers to do so.
Moody's Investors Service put General Maritime Corp. on watch for possible downgrade a day after the crude-oil tanker company announced it would acquire seven ships for about $620 million.
The Orioles announced today that they have reinstated LHP TROY PATTON from the restricted list.
Facebook has started charging its users up to £10 to send messages to celebrities and anyone not in their current friendship circle.
A Liverpool football widow has caused outrage by refusing to wear a black armband in her husband's match day absences.
A man in his 30s has been stabbed to death in the street in an attack near a bus stop in south London.
Budget airline AirTran Airways said Friday it will defer the delivery of 18 Boeing 737-700 aircraft to 2013 to 2014, due to record-high fuel costs.
Former Georgia tight end Orson Charles , one of the three best tight end draft prospects in this class, was arrested for DUI on Friday morning.
Today, Duracell announced Daylite, the first in a new line of flashlights that are durable enough to be used in the harshest of environments and compact enough to take into any space.
Former Australia pace bowler Michael Kasprowicz announced his retirement on Thursday, ending a professional career spanning nearly two decades.
Barcelona have handed Jordi Alba extended leave until the middle of next week, after he returned from international duty for Spain.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after he was struck by a car on Thursday morning.
A business operator was arraigned Friday at the Central Justice Center in Santa Ana for stealing $2.7 million worth of wine from his clients' storage lockers.
A shape-shifting Twilight actor has been arrested on drug charges.
Former Disney Star Lindsay Lohan was sentenced yesterday to serve 90 days in jail and then 90 days in rehab when she is released.
The cost of raising the next Rafael Nadal or Maria Sharapova has been estimated to be over $400,000, according to a report by Bloomberg.
Gov. Dave Freudenthal remains noncommittal about whether he will seek a third term in office.
Jones has passed a fitness test on his injured hand.
January is also a good month for promotions in India, along with April, July and October, and in France, Australia, Canada, Germany, Brazil, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Britain.
Swansea manager Brendan Rodgers has signed a new 3 1/2-year contract after leading the club to midtable in its first ever season in the Premier League.
Acergy SA today announced that its Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders will be held on Thursday, December 18, 2008 at 11:00 am local time at the offices of Services Généraux de Gestion SA, 412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg.
BRITISH singer Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her north London flat at the age of 27, according to the London Metropolitan Police
Gallagher's goal lifts Canadiens over Lightning Brendan Gallagher broke a tie with Montreal's third goal of the third period, and the Eastern Conference-leading Canadiens rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 4-3 on Saturday night.
British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday it will buy American dermatology business Stiefel Laboratories in a deal worth up to $3.6 billion.
Lonely Planet will create around 30 jobs in the UK after its part-relocation from Australia to London.
British Airways is keeping its customers 'appy with a new app that allows customers to save time and check-in on their smartphones.
The South Dakota Legislature is looking for 22 college students to serve as legislative interns for the 2013 Legislative Session.
The comments do indicate, however, a systemic problem: youth sports are in trouble.
An Upton landlord was arraigned in Milford District Court on Thursday on charges he spied on his female tenants.
Ambrilia and Kotinos Pharmaceuticals Inc, have entered into a patent and technology purchase agreement whereby Kotinos will acquire Ambrilia's prostate cancer therapeutic PCK3145 and related assets.
Indus Motor Company Limited on Friday, after comprehensive assessment of impact of Japan's March 11, 2011 earthquake and tsunami on its parts supply chain, announced that IMC will operate at around 60% of its production capacity in May, 2011 with a similar outlook for June next.
World No.1 Caroline Wozniacki has reached the final of the New Haven Open tennis, the last US Open tune-up event, and will play qualifier Petra Cetkovska.
British drugmaker AstraZeneca PLC said Tuesday it will start covering copays for patients on its prescription savings plan, which covers drug costs for low-income patients.
Franchisors are offering discounts, waiving fees and even giving away franchises as part of an effort to lure prospective franchisees as economic conditions worsen.
SHAUN Marsh and Luke Ronchi will make their international debuts in Australia's Twenty20 clash against the West Indies tonight.
The ECHL announced that Mike Murray has been promoted to vice president of hockey operations.
Centurion England batsman Andrew Strauss feels 400 would be a good first innings total for his team but it will have to labour hard to cross the mark as early as possible before the wicket deteriorates on the second day tomorrow.
A Port Crane man pleads guilty to manslaughter in the death of a two month old baby girl.
Daniel Craig and Sam Mendes talk about the latest James Bond Skyfall movie and the trailer for the upcoming Bond50 blu-ray release hits.
Punjab Chief Minister, Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has maintained that public representatives and incumbents of public offices need to be more cautious and careful than any ordinary citizen.
The Sharks have acquired 26-year-old left wing Ben Eager from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fifth-round pick in the NHL entry draft.
VILLA fans will get to step in to the shoes of billionaire football club owners by splashing the cash on their favourite players in a claret and blue version of Monopoly.
Alexandre Pato admits he was surprised to be overlooked for the AC Milan captaincy for their win over Chievo .
easyJet, the UK's largest and best value airline, has launched a new night check-in service at Gatwick airport which enables passengers to check-in the night before departure.
FORMER Western Force mentor Richard Graham has officially started in his new role as Queensland Reds coach for the 2013 Super Rugby season.
Dancer Camilla Dallerup has quit I'm A Celebrity ... after just a matter of days, it was announced today.
Leadership Coachella Valley is now accepting applications for its 2009-2010 program, a ten-month series of classes aimed at developing and motivating future community leaders.
Overall taxable retail sales declined 6.3 percent during the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the same period in 2008, but sales by retailers were unchanged.
Wildfires continued to rage on Friday night on the French island of Corsica where emergency services confronted them on several fronts.
Authorities say federal prosecutors have reached settlement deals with three Internet poker companies, under which more than a half billion dollars will be paid to the government.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday said that the transition in Afghanistan ``must be Afghan-owned'' and ``it must be planned and implemented in a sustainable manner.''
Two Blockbuster stores in Orange County that were shut after the video rental chain declared bankruptcy last fall will reopen in early May, according to media reports.
Irene is retired, boosted off the list of all future hurricane names by the World Meteorological Organization's hurricane committee because of the fatalities and damage it caused in August 2011.
Actress Anne Hathaway and US Tv producer Lorne Michaels are set to be honoured at the 2013 Costume Designers Guild Awards.
A tow truck clipped a pedestrian and broke her leg as she crossed a road in Rancho Penasquitos Thursday night, San Diego police said.
China and Russia signed 27 bilateral trade contracts worth $15 billion, officials said Saturday.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor has a message for Obama: ``Our country's not soft, Mr. President.''
The Labour Government has announced that Northern Rock will increase mortgage lending by up to £14 billion over the next two years.
UK-based Marks & Spencer, a retailer of clothing, food and home products, has announced that it will offer its online international delivery service to 73 new countries.
Tampa Bay Lightning's Martin St. Louis celebrates his goal during the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Carolina Hurricanes, Sunday, April 21, 2013, in Tampa, Fla. St. Louis won his second career Art Ross Trophy to become the oldest scoring champion in NHL history, while Capitals star Alex Ovechkin claimed his third Maurice ``Rocket'' Richard Trophy on Sunday.
Los Angeles fast-attack submarine USS Helena arrived at its new homeport of Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk, Va., June 15.
BMW was upped to outperform from underperform by Credit Suisse, which hiked its price target to 42 euros from 32 euros.
MPs approved their own plan for a new human rights authority yesterday, despite being told the government was already working on a similar project.
Former Sen. Robert Mellow was ordered by the state Ethics Commission to pay $21,000 to the Commonwealth as restitution for taxpayer-financed rent on his Peckville district office that went to Brad Inc., a company he partly owned.
Two days after Walmart held a hiring event in Altadena for their opened a temporary hiring center on Monday at 2369 Lincoln Ave. in Altadena to facilitate applications.
n The defending World Series champion Phillies held their first full squad workout at the Carpenter Complex in Clearwater on Tuesday.
Olivia Munn has revealed that she used to cancel everything and go to watch her costars Channing Tatum and Matthew McConaughey dancing naked while shooting for new movie.
Earlier, while replying to Salman Khan's dig at Guzaarish, Hrithik may have stepped a little out of line, but he did say that he hoped to get a hug from Salman when he met him.
CONNACHT COACH Eric Elwood has made six changes from the side beaten by Ireland for tonight's final pre-season friendly against Saracens at the HAC ground in London.
An Indonesian presidential spokesman has rejected claims that child asylum seekers in the country face systemic abuse.
Bad smell shuts down Orica warehouse Updated: 23:05, Monday January 21, 2013 Chemical company Orica has temporarily shut down one of its warehouses in Sydney's southwest after several workers at the site fell ill.
A new chemical could make human teeth ``cavity proof'' -- and do away with the need for visits to the dentist.
A breakfast benefiting a Kennewick literacy program is 8 am to 1 pm Sunday at the Masonic Lodge, 601 W. 6th Ave., Kennewick.
Gold prices are likely to touch Rs 22,000 per 10 gms by year end, as the cash-rich financial institutions like mutual funds may divert investments to bullion in view of uncertainty in the stock market, industrial body Assocham said on Sunday.
Nobel laureate and renowned high energy physicist Carlo Rubbia has proposed a nuclear proliferation resistant system ``Energy Amplifier '' or ``Accelerator Driven Sub-critical System ''.
EA and Maxis have announced Darkspore, a new RPG inspired by Spore and set for a 2011 release.
FDA officials on Monday said that the agency will seek authority from Congress to approve generic versions of biotechnology drugs, CQ HealthBeat reports.
Binghamton, NY A home contractor pleaded guilty to taking money from customers without doing the work.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed utility man Jerry Hairston on the disabled list Tuesday with a strained groin.
United Drug, the Dublin and London listed provider of services to healthcare manufacturers and pharmaceutical retailers, has completed a financing exercise in relation to its debt facilities.
Except for 20 details out of 58 departments of the Government of Manipur, details of all other departments are missing in the official web directory of the State Government.
After climbing during the first half of the day, the Iseq fell back in afternoon trading in line with global markets, as disappointing US retail sales figures weighed on investor sentiment.
Kaman agreed to sign with the Dallas Mavericks for 1 year worth $8 million.
Two kittens were dumped in a cardboard box without food and water in a ``cruel'' incident.
More than three months after turning itself into a bank, GMAC LLC is still waiting for the green light from regulators to issue debt crucial to its funding plan.
Hong Kong film star Jackie Chan and NBA star Yao Ming were appointed promotion ambassadors for the 2010 Shanghai World Expo on Thursday.
A 19-year-old man was shot Thursday night as he was leaving work, the Stockton Police Department reported.
London-based e-commerce provider eCommera has secured £1.3 million in investment from private equity firm ePlanet.
The Royal Ballet of London will make its first visit to Cuba in July and is planning performances there that will include a tribute to the Cuban ballerina Alicia Alonso, Reuters reported.
Ambassador Admiral Wasantha Karannagoda with Embassy staff and Sri Lankan community members in Japan visited two evacuation centres in Fukushima prefecture in Japan on Sunday to show solidarity with the people and Government of Japan.
Two pets were rescued when a kitchen fire in an apartment in Zion caused $5,000 damage.
The exports of the country have become more diversified as focus has started shifting from textile to other products.
Food prices in Australia could double over the next three years due to ever increasing demand and overall global shortages.
Malaysia and Brunei have agreed to explore new areas of co-operation to give their economies a boost.
Paris Saint-Germain are closing in on David Beckham and sources in France confirm that there is much optimism that a deal can be agreed very soon.
A light earthquake rattled an area near a ghost town in Nevada on early Wednesday morning, seismologists said, but no damage or casualties were reported.
Mitt Romney widened his cash advantage over President Obama in July as the president's reelection campaign continued to wage a costly air assault against the Republican presidential challenger, racing through more money than it raised.
Hollywood star Colin Farrell is reportedly giving up his Catholic faith to convert to Judaism for his new girlfriend Emma Forest.
Burglars ransacked a Gilbert teacher's home, took some of her belongings and left a political message behind.
NEW YORK -Enrique Iglesias won't be joining Britney Spears on an upcoming tour despite her announcement that he would.
US Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that China will agree to a new round of UN sanctions against Iran over its suspect nuclear activities, despite having long held out against the move.
Singer/actress Christina Milian has joined The Voice, stepping into the role of the show's Social Media Correspondent.
Jacob Zuma officially became South Africa's fourth president since democracy at 11.20pm on Saturday when he took the oath of office at the Union Buildings in Pretoria.
The report obtained by The Associated Press on Wednesday indicates that Annie Dookhan told police several times that she knew what she had done was wrong and that she had ``messed up bad.''
Gov. Rod Blagojevich said Wednesday he is ready to tell his side of the scandal to the people of Illinois and that he would do so no later than Thursday.
B&Q is overhauling its pricing strategy by replacing the complex promotional structure with a simple system that it claims ``removes the need for shopping around''.
Former Pussycat Dolls star Nicole Scherzinger, who is dating racer Lewis Hamilton, likes to go out on date nights alone.
Mortgage loans worth 8.8 million manat were issued through the Azerbaijan Mortgage Fund, acting under the Central Bank of Azerbaijan, in January-February, the AMF said on Thursday.
Recession drove European Union greenhouse gas emissions down by a record 7.2 percent in 2009, putting the bloc ahead of schedule in making promised cuts, EU data showed on Wednesday.
A 42-year-old Butler County deputy, who collapsed Monday while he was off duty, died of an apparent heart attack, coroner's officials said Tuesday.
Neve Campbell has insisted that she is ``doing great'' in the wake of her recent divorce filing.
Punk rockers ANTI-FLAG have cancelled a European tour after frontman JUSTIN SANE broke his collar bone while stage-diving.
The local Taliban militants have formally announced indefinite ceasefire in a northern Pakistani valley after months of bloody clashes with security forces which killed hundreds of people.
The death toll from the Italian cruise ship disaster rose to 11 on Tuesday, as a shocking new audio recording between the ship's captain and the Italian Coast Guard emerged.
A Silver Alert has been issued for a Jones County man who is believed to be cognitively impaired.
A maternity unit at a Hampshire hospital has reopened following a gas leak which led to some wards being evacuated and 38 patients moved.
The German government has taken a 25% stake in Commerzbank, the country's second biggest lender, in return for an €18 billion injection of cash.
90.7 The Capstone will host Tuscapalooza, an event devoted to experiencing the diversity of Tuscaloosa's music scene.
The Arc of Monmouth will begin to offer free health screenings for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, including Down syndrome, autism and fetal alcohol spectrum disorder.
APPLE has discussed investing hundreds of millions of dollars in Twitter, The New York Times reports.
A new phylogenetic analysis of blind scorpions that live in the stygian depths of caves in Mexico has suggested that adaptation to caves is reversible, which is evidence that specialized adaptations are not evolutionary dead ends.
World famous tenor Placido Domingo will be supporting the Christchurch rebuilding effort when he performs at the CBS Arena in October this year.
Two motorcyclists were sent to the hospital Sunday afternoon in separate accidents.
Togo has lodged a legal complaint against the African Football Confederation and a rebel group behind a deadly attack on the team as it travelled to the African Nations Cup in Angola last month, legal sources said on Thursday.
For the first time in three weeks, Seattle Seahawks quarterback Tarvaris Jackson took snaps from under center during the team portion of practice Friday, an important step to prove that he can play Sunday against Cincinnati at CenturyLink Field.
A Glendale man was sentenced to more than seven years in prison today for a Ponzi scheme that bilked investors out of $14 million.
A married mother of two will go onto represent Pakistan in the Miss World contest this year after being crowned Miss Pakistan World 2008.
The chairman of the BBC Trust, Lord Patten, has declared that he does not think newspapers should not face statutory regulation but explains why broadcasters do need regulation by Ofcom.
Charlie Sheen has finally been fired from his hit sitcom Two And A Half Men.
Uefa has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings to probe crowd trouble at the Uefa Cup tie between SK Brann and Everton in Norway on 13th February.
'Skins' actress Hannah Murray talks about her new film 'Chatroom' and working with the acclaimed Japanese horror director Hideo Nakata.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said that he would be happy to debate with Micheál Martin on the EU fiscal treaty - along with all the other party leaders.
An assistant principal at a Fort Wayne high school was arrested on two counts of felony child seduction after the school told police he admitted to a relationship with a 17-year-old student.
Members of the Newtown, Connecticut community are beginning the healing process after an unspeakable tragedy.
A Bedford County inmate awaiting trial on drug charges has now been charged with solicitation to commit murder.
Recent posts discuss why lovers might want to know more about what's going on in their limbic brains, how too much intense stimulation of the brain's primitive reward circuitry can lead to subtle mood swings and a need for more stimulation, and how dopamine fluctuations drive the Coolidge Effect I've also mentioned that there's a way to make love that helps ease dopamine extremes and promote harmony.
Fashion-obsessed performer Lady GaGa has signed an exclusive deal with Georgio Armani, for her future outfits.
Canadian postal workers began a series of rolling strikes late Thursday night after talks with the government-owned postal agency failed to yield an agreement, Bloomberg reported Friday.
John Allen, commander of the US and NATO forces in Afghanistan, said Thursday that the US will need to maintain ``significant combat power'' in Afghanistan next year.
``I will sign the congressional redistricting bill when it gets to my desk.
A federal grand jury indicted a Jacksonville man Tuesday who was arrested last month in Springfield and accused of having more than 260 pounds of marijuana.
Rick Santorum won the Kansas caucuses in a rout today, and Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney showed strength in Wyoming, a weekend prelude to suddenly pivotal Southern showdowns in the week ahead.
A man in China has been handed a one-year jail sentence for ending a college exam five minutes early.
The premiere of the series Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami, debuting on 16 August, on Sunday.
The 2553rd Buddha Jayanti, the birth anniversary of Gautam Buddha, the apostle of peace, was observed Saturday by organizing various programmes with the message of peace and harmony among people.
Starbucks stopped serving drinks with milk in many Chinese outlets on Friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled.
Australia's Gold Coast has won the bid to host the 2018 Commonwealth Games, which promises to be the largest international event to be held in Australia over the next decade.
Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca said on Jan. 29 it will axe 7,000 more jobs by 2013, extending a cost-cutting program that has already shed about 8,000 positions since 2007.
ESSENDON has declined to comment on whether it has met former champion James Hird to discuss the club's coaching position.
Not willing to rely on a congressional probe, House Speaker Andy Tobin created a special panel Monday to investigate the botched Fast and Furious program that let straw buyers purchase weapons in Arizona for Mexican gangs.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has turned his attention to controlling the weather.
Five Iowa businesses received new targeted small business loans, Governor Chet Culver announced this week.
Kadima faction head Dalia Itzik, who previously served as Knesser speaker and acting president, announced she is quitting politics on Wednesday.
A Norfolk Southern freight train carrying sulfuric acid derailed early Sunday morning in Gilbert.
A Nottingham-based GP attacked his wife and practice manager, kicking her in the jaw, head and back after blaming her for his poor trading on the Wall Street stock exchange, The Daily Telegraph reports.
Reports are that Bollywood hottie Shilpa Shetty has been roped in to host the second season of Bigg Boss.
The Barnstable County Fair opens next Saturday, July 17, at noon for an eight-day run at the county fairgrounds, 1220 Nathan Ellis Highway in East Falmouth.
The DuBois Junior League softball team stayed alive in the District 10 playoffs with a 3-2 win in nine innings over Warren Monday.
A 20-member LCCI delegation to Italy and Spain returned home on Monday with millions of rupees business deals in hand.
The Indian markets started the day with gains after consolidating for the last two weeks as the Union Budget 2-13 nears.
Zimbabwe has declared a cholera outbreak a national emergency and appealed for international aid to tackle the epidemic.
OAKLAND, Calif. Chris Webber has returned to the Golden State Warriors and coach Don Nelson, more than 13 years after a battle between the two men led Webber to force a trade.
Actress Shweta Tiwari, has called it quits from reality TV show Iss Jungle se Mujhe Bachao.
An 89-year-old former Nazi death camp guard arrived in Germany yesterday after being deported from the United States to face the prospect of a trial for war crimes over the killing of 29,000 Jews.
Videogame giant Electronic Arts posted a net loss for the 11th consecutive quarter on Nov. 9 and said it was cutting 1,500 jobs, or 16% of its workforce.
AmaZulu coach Manqoba Mngqithi said he is pleased with his players' performance after they lost 1-0 to Orlando Pirates in the first 2010 Telkom Charity Cup match at Soccer City on Saturday.
US stocks rebounded from steep losses amid fears over eurozone finances and the global economic recovery.
US weather space experts have confirmed that the Earth was hit a ``glancing blow'' by a solar storm created by a massive sun spot on Tuesday.Despite the nature of storm the experts clarified that very little damage had been done to any electrical equipment.
The European Parliament adopted an urgent resolution on the situation of human rights in Iran on Thursday in Strasbourg.
The power supply to Kunhinga district, in the central Bié province, will be improved soon.
Mexico City has suspended classes at schools and universities to contain what could be a new flu strain.
An Ahwatukee woman found her husband dead behind a Circle K convenience store at 48th Street and Elliot Road on Sunday morning, Phoenix police said.
New Jersey Assembly Majority Leader Louis Greenwald released the following statement Monday upon the death of US Sen. Frank Lautenberg: ``New Jersey has lost a passionate and dedicated public servant.
Vice Chairman of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Lakshmi Narayanan sells 28,000 shares of CTSH on 12/02/2010 at an average price of $68.99 a share.
she's hooked up with actor Chris Evans, according to a US report.
Australian retail sales rose 0.2% on a seasonally adjusted basis in February, the Australian Bureau of Statistics reported Tuesday.
A rally against the acting chairman of the State service of corrections under Government, Sheishenbek Baizakov, is being held near ``the White House'' in the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
London, May 26 British comedian Russell Brand says he wants to marry fiancé Katy Perry in Las Vegas in front of an Elvis Presley impersonator.
28 February 2013 Reed Elsevier announced today the appointment of Dr Wolfhart Hauser as a member of the Supervisory Board of Reed Elsevier NV and as a non-executive director of Reed Elsevier PLC, subject to shareholder approval at the respective Annual General Meetings to be held on 24 and 25 April 2013.
Worldwide, airline profits have been hit by high fuel costs.
Development Securities' activity has continued at a high level since the beginning of March.
AVX has released 'mirror' construction capacitors to lower the profile of its multi-anode low-ESR TPM tantalum capacitor range.
He said: ``It's like it is in my veins so I'm really looking forward to The Hobbit and I think it's going to be wonderful.
``Twilight'' star Kristen Stewart has been hailed as the spine and soul of the rock chick flick ``The Runaways,'' for her portrayal as ``sullen, skinny glue-sniffer'' Joan Jett.
A sunday league footballer knocked out a referee with a single punch for giving him a yellow card, a court heard.
Sabah-based Focus Lumber Bhd, which aims to be listed on the main market of Bursa Malaysia Securities by the end of next month, expects to raise RM7.32 million from the exercise.
Top professions such as medicine and law are increasingly being closed off to all but the most affluent families, according to a study released this week.
Showtime Arabia has launched JimJam, a new channel committed to providing a responsible and entertaining environment for pre-school children.
I am just wondering how all of you found Protrade?
Auditude, a startup that enables media companies to profit from user uploads of their content, has raised $10.5 million from Redpoint Ventures and Greylock Partners.
The X Factor 2012 finalists have been given a booze ban by show bosses ahead of the first live show.
This morning, Ken Griffey Jr. was traded from the Cincinnati Reds to the Chicago White Sox on the final day before the MLB trade deadline.
A HUSBAND who strangled his wife in his sleep walked free yesterday after a judge told him: ``You are a decent man and a devoted husband.''
Neighbors helping neighbors, that's what took place Saturday night in Dayton.
Rapper Jay-Z refused to throw his support behind Occupy Wall Street because he did not know what protesters were fighting for.
Tesoro Corp said its 96,860 barrel per day Los Angeles-area refinery in Wilmington, California, was back at planned rates on Monday afternoon following a morning interruption in its hydrogen supply.
A new study by The Cleveland Clinic indicates that diabetics have a higher risk of death after surgery, even if their blood glucose level is normal at the time of surgery.
Minister for Industries and Production Mir Hazar Khan Bijrani on Thursday said that a total 1,579 industrial units were closed down during the last five years leaving 7,530 workers jobless.
Wiz Khalifa has praised woman of the moment, Nicki Minaj, exclusively telling MTV.co.uk that he thinks she is ``awesome.''
Danish luxury electronics maker Bang & Olufsen posted a slightly better-than-forecast swing back to profits for the second quarter, helped by brisk growth in its automotive business.
Legendary England batsman, Wally Hammond has been inducted in the ICC Hall of Fame.
A man was rescued Wednesday after he fell 20 feet into a hole in northwest Harris County.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole has said that he is ready to play through the pain barrier for the remainder of the season.
Governor Bill Haslam on Friday appointed a special Supreme Court to hear a case from which all five Tennessee Supreme Court justices have recused themselves.
The Nagorno-Karabakh peace process is likely to enter stagnation stage, Russian political expert Andrei Areshev told Armenian News-NEWS.am.
Officials say that mudslides on a Guatemalan highway have killed at least 22 people.
China has expanded export quotas for rare earth metals, further tightening its grip on the minerals used in a number of high-tech electronics.
Chrysler is recalling about 1,700 small Jeeps because of faulty gas tank valves that can cause fires.
Pakistan and Iran have agreed to install a joint surveillance system, exchange relevant information and deploy more troops on Pak-Iran border to block the crossing of terrorists and criminals.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee turned 88 on Tuesday.
American rockers Tool are adding a second Auckland show to their down under tour schedule.
Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
The second Tropical Depression of the 2013 Atlantic Season is slowly moving towards parts of southern Mexico as of Wednesday morning.
The Demons dropped Sylvia, Jurrah, Addam Maric and Daniel Nicholson for Saturday's match against Carlton at the MCG.
A census official was arrested for allegedly soliciting bribes from youths looking for work in Roodepoort, Gauteng police said on Wednesday.
Atletico Madrid kept pace with Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a comfortable 3-1 victory over Osasuna at the Vicente Calderon.
The county schools are gearing up for employee cuts to help deal with a budget shortfall of $20,225,000.
During early deals on Monday, the Swiss franc showed mixed trading against its major counterparts.
Middle East group buying website Cobone.com is launching a dedicated online electronics store.
Bahrain may hold a referendum once a dialogue with opposition groups produces an agreement, HRH the Crown Prince said yesterday.
It also said it would lower the price of more than 1,000 over-the-counter drugs.
Anna Hazare and his close associates were arrested today and lodged in Tihar Jail here after police foiled his plans to go on an indefinite fast, prompting strong denunciation by opposition parties and detention of thousands of his supporters across the country, reports PTI.
Saudi Arabia and Turkey is to set up a joint refugee camp on the Turkish border for Syrians.
An Airman assigned to Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas, was found dead in a dormitory room March 7.
Attorneys are pushing for a resolution to a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the widow of a slain Milo farmer.
A verdict has been reached in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, RadarOnline.com has learned.
British supermodel Kate Moss couldn't believe it when thieves broke into her car for a box of chocolates.
Karl Lagerfeld has changed his iconic black suit to a blue outfit because it looks better on television.
Etsy is retiring its Geolocator search tool that allowed shoppers to browse sellers that are located near them.
Former Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev, who said Chechen rebels could be crushed in a few hours with a single airborne regiment -- ahead of a devastating 20-month war -- died on Sunday aged 64.
Pop star LADY GAGA has designed a high-tech portable printer for camera company Polaroid.
Timana Tahu endured a torrid return to the NRL as opposite centre Beau Scott did all in his power to make life difficult in Parramatta's loss to St George Illawarra on Friday night.
History is unlikely to be kind to outgoing US President George W. Bush, reports Politico.
A preliminary inquiry has been set for the Nick Winsor murder case.
The new Tomb Raider movie is a ``very different'' origin story, its producer has revealed.
Hyundai announced it will produce a 1.25-liter engine in India capable of getting 47 miles per gallon.
German Julia Goerges arrived at Toronto on Friday, 5 th August for the Rogers Cup, Premier 5 tournament on the Women's Tennis Association tour held on the hard courts at the Rexall Centre in Toronto, Canada.
Mozambique is set to become a coal exporter within two years, after finishing the reconstruction of a railroad to transport the fuel from the west of the country to Beira port, Mozambique's daily Noticias newspaper reported Monday, dpa reported.
Charitable giving by Americans fell by 2 percent in 2008 as the recession took root, only the second year-to-year decline in more than a half-century.
NEW Dawn Mining gold production slumped 11,6% in the last quarter to 31 December 2012 although sales surged 7,6% in the period, owing to an upward movement in the price of gold internationally.
Southwest Airlines has announced an expansion of its service in Denver, Colorado, with five new nonstop flights and three new destinations, beginning on August 4, 2008.
Twilight star Taylor Lautner will team up with Transformers director Michael Bay for a new action movie.
The global crisis has cost 30 mn jobs around the world, International Monetary Fund director general Dominique Strauss-Kahn said Monday, opening a human development forum in Morocco.
VH1 has renewed the reality show 'Scream Queens' for a second season, Variety is reporting.
Felipe Massa says he was only affected ``psychologically'' by his crash during qualifying for the Canadian Grand Prix.
Neverland's 1993 JRPG hit Lufia & The Fortress of Doom looks to be heading for the Virtual Console on Nintendo Wii.
Secretary of Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution said Iran ranked 20 in the world by producing 17,000 scientific articles in the year 2011.
Diane Benson announced Thursday she'll be running for lieutenant governor in next year's election.
SEVE BALLESTEROS will undergo further brain surgery today to ease swelling from a serious brain tumour, the hospital treating him said yesterday.
Bangkok has so far avoided major flooding but the river and most drainage canals are at full capacity.
Huawei has announced the availability of its new Android-powered Vision smartphone for consumers.
The comedian Matt Lucas has accepted undisclosed damages from the Daily Star over articles published in the paper about his late former civil partner, Kevin McGee.
Sherrie Hewson is following in the footsteps of fellow Loose Woman Denise Welch and joining the cast of Benidorm.
The RCMP are confirming that no human remains were found on a rural property west of Edmonton in relation to the disappearance of St. Albert couple Lyle and Marie McCann.
The Bank of England left interest rates at a record low of 0.5% on Thursday and said it would take two more months to complete its $110 billion quantitative easing program to fight recession.
At the present time many Americans will seek Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates but it is important to note that there are many other options available as well.
Haryana is set to welcome the Queen's baton relay for the Commonwealth Games 2010.
Osaka Securities Exchange, a Japan-based derivatives exchange, has launched its new derivatives trading system J-Gate, powered by Nasdaq OMX trading technology.
Random House has launched three new digital only imprints to capitalize on the new middle-market for ebooks.
The Australian stock market was trading higher on Thursday, led by resource stocks, despite a flat ending on the Wall Street overnight.
Lebanon City Police are investigating three robberies that occurred between Monday night and early Wednesday morning.
The Indians said they'll release left-hander Aaron Fultz unless they can find a taker for his $1.5 million salary.
It turns out that Lawrence Taylor didn't even know his own Super Bowl ring was up for auction.
The United States is renewing its travel warning for Nigeria, three weeks after twin car bombings in the capital killed 12 people.
A five-decade rite of passage for millions of high school seniors will come to an end early Saturday when Disneyland finishes hosting its final, private Grad Nite party.
An officer involved shooting by Tucson police is under investigation.Officer involved shooting in Tucson Sunday morning
Three environmental groups are suing the Puget Sound Regional Council, saying its ``Transportation 2040'' plan fails to fight global warming.
Tokyo, Nov 16 Stocks in Tokyo made initial gains in Tuesday morning trading but fell back due to profit taking.
Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid said 1,500 more primary schools would be set up across the country to ensure education for all by 2013.
A 13-year-old boy was injured when a security gun which was left leaning against the wall of bank in Pauh, near here, fell and went off.
Colombian authorities asked Brazil to extradite an alleged FARC guerrilla who was arrested twelve days ago in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, El Espectador reported Tuesday.
Emma Roberts will star in ``Delirium,'' the FOX TV pilot based on the young adult novels about an alternate America where love is treated as a disease.
The Third Line extension, more than three kilometres of reconstruction over the past three seasons, from Great Northern Road to People's Road, officially opened Friday, says Carl Rumiel, a city design and construction engineer.
Rio Tinto has received a binding offer from Imerys to acquire its talc business for an enterprise value of USD 340 million.
Chinese air their cases by petitioning White House The poisoning of a college student 18 years ago recently re-emerged as a hot topic in China, but censors soon squelched the politically sensitive online discussions over whether the culprit may have eluded punishment because of Communist Party connections.
The Purdue wrestling team improved to 9-2 in dual competition on Sunday, dominating visiting Iowa Western Community College and Southern Illinois University Edwardsville at Holloway Gymnasium.
Russia will supply around 72 P-800 Yakhont anti-ship cruise missiles to Syria for mobile coastal defence systems under a deal worth $300 million, ignoring the strong opposition from the US and Israel.
IBM announced Monday that it was acquiring software company Sterling Commerce from AT&T for $1.4 billion in cash.
All Blacks coach Graham Henry has gently patted away some curious criticism from England opposite Rob Andrew as verbal exchanges between the teams continue ahead of the second rugby test here on Saturday.
Yet, as Ben Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve, outlined his ``exit strategy'', he was dragged into the stimulus debate, coruscated for supervision of systemic risk and warned that he risked feeding political turmoil.
An Oakland man died in a motorcycle accident in Richmond Wednesday evening, Richmond police said.
The central bank will raise its key discount rate by 0.125 percent tomorrow, forecasted UBS yesterday.
Mannah denies Sandow unfit Updated: 23:24, Thursday April 12, 2012 Parramatta front-rower Tim Mannah says there is nothing wrong with halfback Chris Sandow's fitness.
What does the New York Times have against Texas A&M, a rare public university whose student body leans right?
A 25-year-old youth working as a booking clerk in a travel agency was run over by a truck in Syednagar on Saturday morning.
Vincent Tabak has been found guilty of the murder of Bristol landscape architect Joanna Yeates.
Canadian bonds ended higher Thursday as they took direction from US Treasurys in subdued trading.
Turmeric futures on the NCDEX and MCX counters hit upper circuit as lower supply of stock to the physical markets coupled with lower production estimates and strong buying interest kept prices on firm note.
ANZ National Bank said it will move to a single computer system in a move that is likely to renew speculation it may merge its ANZ and National Bank branch networks under a single brand, with the possible loss of hundreds of jobs.
Insieme, the Italian restaurant within the Michelangelo Hotel, quietly closed for lunch and dinner service in January, something we would not have noticed but for a tipster wondering if they're closed for good.
In light of recent increases in commodity prices, Senators Warner and Webb today sent the following letter to Environmental Protection Agency in support of a temporary waiver to the federal ethanol mandate.
The People's Bank of China announced on Nov 29 that it will lower its reserve requirement ratio for financial institutions by 50 bps effective from Dec 5.
Marseille coach Didier Deschamps and FIFA president Sepp Blatter led the tributes Sunday to Robert Louis-Dreyfus, Marseille's longtime owner who died Saturday of leukemia at the age of 63.
Ex-wife wants Dodger divorce settlement tossed Former Los Angeles Dodgers CEO Jamie McCourt isn't entitled to the more than $131 million she received in a divorce settlement because she agreed to the terms and her most recent claims aren't credible, an attorney for her ex-husband argued Wednesday in court.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is making a $29 billion bet that pressure to curb climate change will mean natural gas -- cleaner than coal and suddenly much easier to reach -- will become a crucial source of US power.
Kyrie Irving dominated Rajon Rondo on Tuesday night, scoring 40 points and leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 95-90 win over the Boston Celtics.
Mr Tan also stressed that Singaporeans must form the backbone of the country's workforce.
He's known by many as Fergie's star signing for Manchester United, but who do Howard Webb and his mates really support?
It is the first time Gisele has confirmed her pregnancy but the super-slim beauty has been pictured with a more rounded stomach in recent weeks.
APC constituency 75, which comprises Bargbu and Lugbu Chiefdoms both in the Bo District, has held its most publicized convention at Sumbuya Town with the appointment of a 19 man constituency executive headed by one Tony Karza Coker from Bargbu Chiefdom.
BC-Dollar-Gold,0136 US dollar slips against euro in Europe LONDON The US dollar slipped against most other major currencies Monday in European trading.
A former volunteer baseball coach for the Rocky Mount City baseball league is accused of taking indecent liberties with several former players.
The president, who correctly picked North Carolina to win the 2009 NCAA championship, has the Tar Heels as the team to beat in his 2012 bracket, which was unveiled Wednesday.
Israeli forces have attacked Palestinian protesters in the occupied West Bank and al-Quds, injuring dozens of demonstrators.
San Francisco 49ers safety Dashon Goldson will play the entire 2012 National Football League season under the franchise tag after the player and the team did not sign any long-term contract until Monday July 16, 2012.
Ahmedabad, Dec 9 A man was injured in accidental discharge of a bullet from his revolver when he had come to a police station to renew his arms licence today, police said.
A report from a national group says South Dakota lost 1,400 construction jobs in the past year.
Tuesday, June 22, 2010 ``If you can't budget, you can't govern,'' Rep. John Spratt Jr., DS.C., proclaimed in 2006 when the House GOP leadership chose to dispense with passing a budget resolution.
Regis Corp. said it is exploring options to improve shareholder value as the haircut chain struggles with sluggish consumer spending.
Sabah has one of the richest biodiversities in the world with an area of 59 per cent covered by forests, according to the Japan International Cooperation Agency's chief representative in Malaysia, Tsutomo Nagae.
What's with the double standards in relationships?
On Sunday, Ukraine kicked off the natural gas shipment to Moldova, RBC news agency reports, citing press release of the Moldavian government.
The new Vietnamese government will be facing with four major challenges, including instability of the macro-economy, corruption, wealth gap between the rich and the poor, and the interest benefited by special groups, analysts said.
Treatment to get rid of the light brown apple moth in Santa Barbara County begins next week.
Barack Obama says the US needs allies in Afghanistan as nations question their roles in the war.
Stocks rose and the Australian dollar fell after the Reserve Bank interest rate decision today.
Mike Tindall returns to the England team as captain and one of 13 changes for Saturday's match against Wales in Cardiff knowing he needs a strong performance to retain his position throughout the World Cup.
UnitedHealthcare is launching an effort to help physicians in its network reduce neonatal intensive care unit admissions by sharing data highlighting the increased risk of neonatal complications for babies delivered by scheduled C-sections.
In Joplin, live music and campus groups fill the oval at MSSU for ``Campus Craze'', as Missouri Southern State University students gear up for the upcoming semester.
It's been a long wait, but the snow is finally here, and in abundance: a metre of powder has fallen in The Alps over the last two days.
Oil prices edged higher in Asian trade today as the dollar weakened against the euro, spurring investor demand for crude futures.
General Dynamics, a large technology and defense company, will host a job fair Monday and Tuesday at the Renaissance Tampa Hotel International Plaza, at 4200 Jim Walter Blvd. in Tampa.
Councils detected £185m worth of fraud in 2010/11 -- a 37% increase over the previous year but still only the 'tip of a very large iceberg', the Audit Commission warned today.
Iran will build more nuclear power plants together with Russia, the president of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told Russia Today.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Nov. 12 /PRNewswire-USNewwire/ - Governor Edward G. Rendell tonight announced the passing of Lieutenant Governor Catherine Baker Knoll.
Hollywood legend Morgan Freeman may have fallen asleep at the wheel last night, reportedly causing the accident that landed him in hospital.
US Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to visit Turkey this week as part of a trip to Western Europe and Asia to consult allies on issues including Syria's civil war, a Turkish official told Reuters on Wednesday.
A snowfall warning has ended for Metro Vancouver, after close to 5 centimetres this morning in the city and parts of the suburbs.
New Jersey's failure to fund tobacco control programs is disappointing and will have long-term effects on the state's health and economy, said a former New Jersey health commissioner today.
A Terre Haute man has been arrested following an early Friday stabbing at International Village on the city's south side.
Some insurers won't pay up to Superstorm Sandy victims, telling them the damage to their homes was caused by flooding, which is only covered under the federal flood insurance program.
Brit actress Helena Bonham Carter will be playing the part of children's author Enid Blyton in a series of BBC Four dramas on famous British women of the 20th Century, to be aired in the autumn.
Alex Noren of Sweden qualified for the US Open for the second straight year, while past and present European Ryder Cup captains Colin Montgomerie and Jose Maria Olazabal failed to do so.
Dish Network on Monday submitted a $25.5 billion cash and stock bid to buy telecom giant Sprint Nextel Corp.
Congressman Anthony Weiner just announced he's taking a leave of absence from Congress and has departed this morning ``to seek professional treatment to focus on becoming a better husband and healthier person.''
NBC anchor Brian Williams reprimanded Ann Romney for saying ``I believe in my heart that Mitt is going to save America,'' suggesting it would have been incendiary if Michelle Obama had made such a promise.
Shoppers jostle for New Year ''lucky bags'' on sale on the first business day of the year at a department store in Tokyo's Nihombashi district on Jan. 2.
CH Robinson Worldwide is putting 500 new intermodal containers into its US shipping network as the freight broker seeks to add greater flexibility in shifting business between modes.
The Lokayukta court today ordered a comprehensive probe by Lokayukta police into a complaint against former Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa and his son relating to alleged denotification of land in Bhadravathi.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov announced in Moscow on Wednesday that the underground gas storage in Banatski Dvor will be opened at the beginning of 2011.
An outspoken Chinese civil rights activist who dedicated himself to chronicling the plight of other dissidents will be tried soon on a subversion charge, his lawyer said Wednesday.
A mystery Santa brought some joy to Des Moines on Wednesday, handing out $100 bills to shocked strangers.
Right wing Tyler Kennedy will miss at least a month, and possibly six weeks, with a sprained knee.
A school in Groningen has found 19,000 guilders in a broom cupboard, reports Friday's Volkskrant.
Tawny ants invasion in the southeastern United States threatens to disturb the ecological balance in many areas where colonies are prevalent.
Diane Sawyer will anchor World News from Kabul, Afghanistan Monday and Tuesday, Jan. 11 and 12, as part of ABC News' ``Where Things Stand'' series on Afghanistan.
Corcept Therapeutics Inc. raised $7.1 million in a private placement and now has enough money for about a year.
The average person in the UK will consume around 6,000 calories on Christmas day alone versus the guideline daily amount of 2,000 kcals for women and 2,500 kcals for men.
DryShips Inc., a provider ofÂ marineÂ transportation services, has entered into agreements with a Korean shipyard to purchase 12 newbuilding tankers at a total purchase price of about $770 million, including over $3 million per vessel in extra items.
``I probably needed to add a few words after that 'it's fine with me,' and that it's fine with me that a state is using their sovereign rights to decide an issue. Obviously gay marriage is not fine with me. My stance hasn't changed,'' Perry told Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council today.
A woman was stabbed to death Thursday night in west suburban Broadview in an apparent road rage incident, authorities said.
Two men have been charged in the weekend apartment slaying of a 22-year-old man police identified Sunday as Quentin Edward L'hirondelle.
Twelve players of a Bosnian league football team were arrested for attacking three referees after a match played in the southern town of Posusje, national radio reported on Sunday.
The Commissioner of the National Commission for Persons with Disability, Fredrick Kamara has on Wednesday 1st August 2012 assured His Excellency Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma that he will work tirelessly to promote the interests of persons with disability in Sierra Leone.
A 77-year-old Lawrence man last Saturday reported a burglary, criminal damage and felony theft.
Police are seeking witnesses to an incident in which a motorcyclist was seriously injured on the A24 at Southwater.
Walgreens had April sales of $5.98 billion, an increase of 3.8 percent from $5.76 billion for the same month in fiscal 2012.
Tech giant Apple has reportedly dumped Google Maps service from its popular iOS mobile operating system, and created its own maps application for the iPhone and iPad.
PropertyMinder introduces mobile optimized website designs for real estate professionals that allows them to lower the risk of losing mobile website traffic by catering to the tech-savvy homeseeker who expects instant information access.
Japan decided today to deport Chinese activists who landed on a disputed isle in the East China Sea.
Vancouver is the world's easiest city to live in while Harare is the toughest, a survey said Monday putting Europe and north America at the top while many African and Asian cities struggle behind.
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Sunday, ``We have to stand united against anti-state elements and it will be our greatest success that the nation should unite against terrorism and extremism.''
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is sending 350 more British troops to Afghanistan.
NEW ORLEANS A tornado warning has been issued in southern Mississippi as Hurricane Isaac hits Louisiana and Mississippi with high winds and drenching rains.
Michigan farmers are offering free groceries for an entire year-- just for checking out their websites to see how their farms operate.
The Hornell football Red Raiders, fresh off of their second straight NYS Class B title, have scheduled their annual year-end banquet for Dec. 19.
The Canadian dollar pushed higher against a broadly weaker US dollar on Monday, boosted by robust commodity prices, while domestic bond prices ended lower.
China Mobile Ltd., the world's biggest wireless carrier by users, unexpectedly said it will boost capital spending this year to meet rising demand for data services from users downloading video and music on their phones.
Harry Potter star Emma Watson has posed topless for a new book celebrating the beauty of nature.
The United States may need to insure wholesale deposits to ease the credit crisis and restore confidence because the collapse of Lehman Brothers has damaged trust among institutional investors, Barclays said on Thursday.
Carmaker Volkswagen has unveiled plug-in hybrid XL1 that will be produced at its Osnabruck production facility in Germany.
SS Music , South India's favorite music channel , has announced the launch of 'Room with the View' an exclusive show hosted by VJ Shyam with 'movie' as the theme.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon is starting an official visit to Russia on Wednesday to hold talks with the Russian leadership and attend a Middle East Quartet meeting.
A historic Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem was vandalized in an apparent ``price tag'' attack.
Huguette Clark, a 104-year-old recluse and heiress to a copper mining fortune, died Tuesday at a New York hospital, a spokesman for her lawyer confirmed to FoxNews.com.
A Huntsville police officer has been seriously injured in a wreck at South Memorial Parkway and Lily Flagg Road, The Times' news partner, WHNT News 19 reports.
You have no doubt heard the phase that experienced traders use which is that losses ``are the cost of doing business.''
A suicide attack flattened a police building in Pakistan's city of Lahore yesterday, killing 24 people in a bomb that the government branded revenge for an offensive against the Taliban.
Several German lawyers contacted by Florian Mueller of FOSS Patent have insinuated that Apple could get a temporary suspension of the German Motorola injunction.
Chennai , Feb 12 Neyveli Lignite Corporation said it plans to increase its power production capacity to 10,000 MW by 2017, from its present 3,000 MW at present.
Giuliana Rancic revealed today that she has breast cancer, after doctors discovered a tumor during her latest round of in-vitro fertilization.
A gunman and a male accomplice robbed a Lake Murray convenience store early Monday but no one was hurt, police said.
A 12-year-old Thai boy jumped to his death from the sixth floor of his school after being banned from playing computer games by his policeman father, media reports said on Friday.
Davos, Jan 23 Indian telecom czar Sunil Bharti Mittal today said that Bharti group wants to expand presence in Africa, which has high growth potential and needs huge investments for infrastructure development.
The wind disrupted racing at Kieler Woche again on the third day of the ISAF Sailing World Cup.
For the first time ever, the University of Central Florida is celebrating LGBT History Month with a series of events and programs to raise awareness about LGBT and ally history, culture and current events.
NCR issued an update on its FY13 earnings guidance on Tuesday morning.
A Guyton man has been arrested tonight on enticing and solicitation charges of a child.
``That driver is extremely lucky to be alive,'' said Hillsboro Fire spokesman Storm Smith at the scene Thursday.
Though its portion of President Barack Obama's fiscal 2013 defense budget request required tough decisions made necessary by looming spending reductions, the Army will remain a superior fighting force, senior Army officials said here Feb. 13.
Washington Governor Chris Gregoire has approved a wind energy project for the north side of the Columbia River Gorge, but it may be too little too late.
Luxco, a St. Louis-based producer, importer and marketer of alcoholic beverages, has agreed to buy several brands and related inventory from Beam Inc., a Deerfield, Ill.-based liquor company for $65 million.
French rock legend Johnny Hallyday had a botched operation in France and is now in a medically induced coma in a Los Angeles hospital as he recovers from surgery to fix the damage, his producer said.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi today filed his nomination papers from Maninagar constituency in Ahmedabad for the Assembly elections.
Under Philippine law, disputes covered by collective bargaining agreements are settled by voluntary, not compulsory, arbitration.
Dhaka, Mar 3 Bangladesh is to rename and reorginise the paramilitary force, Bangladesh Rifles, to give it a new look and reorientation apparently to wash away the stigma of the last week's bloody in which most of its officer cadre were killed by the men.
Antonis set to miss Newcastle match Updated: 16:01, Monday October 8, 2012 Sydney FC youngster Terry Antonis is expected to miss the Sky Blues' first home game of the A-League season against Newcastle on Saturday due to a concussion suffered against Wellington.
Palestinian prime minister Salam Fayyad was hospitalized after suffering heart trouble during a private visit to the United States, his office said Monday.
SHARES in Westpac suffered the sharpest drop among Australian banking stocks yesterday, amid worries over its $17 billion offer for St George Bank.
Jawbone, the maker of wireless audio and fitness-tracking devices, is buying BodyMedia Inc. for $110 million, according to people with knowledge of the deal's price.
State Rep. Joe Kiser, a Lincoln County Republican and former sheriff, said Wednesday he will not run for re-election to the NC House of Representatives.
Two Buffalo men have been charged with attempted murder for shooting a pregnant woman at close range Sunday on the city's East Side, reportedly as a way to advance in a gang, The Buffalo News learned today.
A Clearwater firefighter hit by a vehicle on the side of an interstate on Jan. 26 will be released from the hospital Tuesday.
A Boardman man was killed in a Perry Township crash involving a tractor trailer Wednesday afternoon.
University of Pretoria skipper Tebogo Monyai says his side are fired up and ready to face log leaders Kaizer Chiefs on Saturday at Soccer City.
University of North Carolina senior forward Tyler Hansbrough, the 2008 national college basketball player of the year, has a stress reaction condition in his right shin and will sit out practice indefinitely, head coach Roy Williams announced Thursday evening.According to the Associate Director of Athletics for Communications University of North Carolina Steve Kirschner, Hansbrough did not practice Thursday, but had an MRI that revealed the stress reaction.
Social game developer Digital Chocolate has filed suit against Zynga for trademark infringement and unfair competition regarding the Mafia Wars mark.
The US trade deficit with the rest of the world widened to $53.1bn in June, as exports fell faster than imports, official figures have shown.
East Asian countries are looking at a new growth model as demand for goods from traditional markets in developed countries are shrinking, Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said.
US stocks opened higher Monday, led by the material and energy sectors following the report of a small increase in personal spending and benign inflation.
BAGHDAD Police say a roadside bomb killed an Iraqi soldier and wounded seven other people in central Baghdad.
Authorities say a dog scratching on a door led a neighbor to find the body of a 72-year-old woman in a retention pond of a Fort Wayne subdivision.
To promote its home building program, Mesa del Sol has introduced a new website and progress video in preparation for the start this November of phase one of its home construction.
MF Global, a trading and brokerage firm, said on Monday that it had hired James F. O'Sullivan, formerly of UBS, to be the firm's first chief economist.
Dubai crude timespreads fell to their level lowest in almost two weeks as refinery margins slid.
Food Lion announced Thursday that it is closing 113 stores nationwide, including stores in Gainesville and Jefferson.
Kim Cattrall is to be honored in Canada with one of the country's highest accolades.
BioScrip, Inc. today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire HomeChoice Partners, Inc., a leading provider of alternate-site infusion pharmacy services, for $70.0 million in cash.
The Coast Guard is searching for a missing swimmer in the Nassau Sound near Bird Island.
COUNCIL tax bills will rise by two per cent in St Helens after Labour councillors voted through an increase in the face of £8million of cuts to the local authority budget.
LAS VEGAS A broken OJ Simpson has been sentenced to at least 15 years in prison for a Las Vegas hotel armed robbery by a judge who rejected his apology and said, ``It was much more than stupidity.''
A hacker attack Thursday shut down the fast-growing messaging service Twitter, and Facebook also said it was looking into possible site problems.
Riverside voters resoundingly rejected a proposed tax increase Tuesday despite warnings from the village board that the village was facing a financial crisis and threats that recreation, police and fire services would be cut.
Barack Obama has formally launched his re-election campaign for president of the United States with a low-key video in which he does not even appear.
A man was injured early this morning when he was hit by an MBTA bus near Copley Place in the Back Bay.
Bob Feller, whose pitching prowess with the Cleveland Indians led him to baseball's Hall of Fame, has been diagnosed with leukemia, the team says.
TURCK has launched its PT4500 and PT4510 submersible pressure transmitters for detecting the level of water or other media with similar density in challenging industrial environments.
Whistle-blowing organization WikiLeaks has set up a private limited company in Iceland for administrative purposes, a spokesman said Saturday, as part of a move to restructure its global operations.
villages, Union Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh on Sunday said the Maoist menace can be fought with rural development.
With proven retro credentials, she's turned her hand to fashion once more with designs for Wheels & Dollbaby.
Congressman Rob Wittman, R-1st District, held two senior advisory council meetings Monday to provide a forum for seniors to discuss the issues that are important to them.
An MP hopeful has resigned after being arrested in connection with a hate campaign against Liberal Democrat councillors.
US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Richard Boucher on Monday said that Mumbai attacks have links to Pakistan or it leads to Pakistan soil.
The first issue of monthly educational magazine 'Schoolmate' was released by minister for education Nyeiwang Konyak at Kohima on March 22.
A learner driver was killed after a head-on crash during a driving lesson, police said today.
In an effort to provide greater impetus to its commercial ties with Indonesia, India will open a consulate at Bali.
Jammu, Feb 19 The ruling National Conference will take on the 'anti-peace' forces in Jammu and Kashmir and push for a result-oriented India-Pakistan dialogue while simultaneously seeking an end to the era of confusion on Kashmir, a top committee of the party resolved Saturday.
A Facebook Kate Middleton account has been deleted... only it's not the Prince William bride-to-be Kate Middleton, it's a real life Boston Kate Middleton!
In an effort to counteract the negative messages that much of today's music sends to kids, LIFT is hosting a series of concerts at Nimitz Middle School in Huntington Park on May 16th, 2008.
The Oxford Eagle reports that the Oxploratorium will be decommissioned for one year and rebuilt at Della Davidson Elementary School in the 2014-15 school year.
Bloochip has recently developed a web-based content management system.
Morgan Stanley downgraded Credit Suisse and cut its share-price target on five European wholesale banks.
Russia is against closer cooperation between Ukraine and NATO , fearing it may lose its grip on Ukraine , Lithuania permanent representative in NATO Linas Linkyavichus said, addressing a roundtable in Lviv Franko University May 19, according to ZIK.
Nippon Steel Corporation and Kobe Steel, Ltd. announce that their steel mill dust recycling plant began commercial operation on October 1.
Fiserv, Inc., a leading provider of information technology services to the financial and insurance industries, announced that for the third year in a row it has been named to the prestigious Fortune 500 ranking of the top American companies by Fortune magazine.
Around 7pm Tuesday night it w announced, a $2.26 billion dollar MTA deal was reached.
Four more actors are set to leave Hollyoaks, including John Pickard and Ashley Slanina Davies.
Eastman Kodak Co. says it will buy back up to $1 billion of its shares, partially funded by a large tax refund.
The Nigerian Navy has launched a website, www.cot.navy.mil.ng, on crude oil theft and pipeline vandalism to monitor exploration and movement of petroleum products in and out of the country.
Turkish fighter jets attacked rebels from the Kurdish Workers Party Wednesday in northern Iraq in retaliation for an apparent ambush earlier in the day that killed at least eight Turkish soldiers, the semi-official Anatolian News Agency reported.
Coach Ken Whisenhunt said NT Gabe Watson would likely push for playing time against the Bills after missing four games with a knee injury.
The Cuesta softball team opened its busy week with a 4-0 home loss to Oxnard on Tuesday.
Black Eyed Peas frontman Will.I.Am says she doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Washington, Sept 1 End of combat mission in Iraq is a proud moment for America, Congressmen said after the US President Barack Obama in a prime time address made a formal announcement in this regard.
Technology consultant Microdesk has closed its Bedford office and relocated all the employees to the corporate headquarters in Nashua.
Hundreds of tributes for the slain Bandidos bikie are being posted on the gang's website, with one capturing the mood of the group after the ambush attack by saying: ``God forgives, Bandidos don't.''
Earth, Wind & Fire plays the Tuscaloosa Amphitheater Sunday, Father's Day, starting at 7:30 pm, with doors opening at 6:30.
The 5-year-old grandson of a Metro employee, was accidentally shot in the hand after picking up a gun at his grandfather's home near Rainbow and US 95 Monday night.
To the surprise of few within the organization, Eagles coach Andy Reid returned to the team one day after his son's funeral to lead the team's 11 am ET walkthrough and light workout on Wednesday.
Hewlett-Packard announced Wednesday that it will buy struggling mobile-phone maker Palm for $1.2 billion in a deal that could make HP a new force in the red-hot smartphone market, already heavily contested by Apple, Google and other companies.
A positive Mark Webber has called for patience after falling further behing Fernando Alonso.
Pillay said yesterday that human rights ``went viral'' in 2011 thanks to the exponential growth of social media on the Internet.
The syndicates had press for clear and consecutive priorities in the budget during the meeting of National Movement for Stability and Prosper /NMSP/meeting, FOCUS News Agency reporter informed.
A private funeral was being held Friday for legendary Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, according to an unconfirmed report in the Wall Street Journal.
``We are pleased to announce that we have matched the offer sheet for Eric Gordon.
Hearts manager Jim Jefferies admits he was wrong to abuse assistant referee Francis Andrews against Celtic.
A person has been hit by a train at Saltaire, according to operators Northern Rail.
Texans coach Gary Kubiak has been preaching consistency, and his team has finally started to deliver it.
Alberta Premier Alison Redford is dropping more hints about a tough budget, but no hard facts on where the axe might fall.
Edward Woodward, star of The Wicker Man, Callan, Hot Fuzz and classic TV show, The Equalizer, has died at the age of 79.
India beat England by five wickets in the third ODI at Mohali on Thursday to clinch the series.
Whole Foods Market Inc. will open a 30,000-square-foot flagship store in Tarzana next week.
West Indies mopped up the Sri Lankan tail to dismiss the tourists for 278 on the second day of the second test.
Yahoo unveiled a new search tool that its claims will offer users a better way to search the Internet on their iPhone or iPad or on a desktop browser.
As the sun set over the Mullins Center on Sunday night, crowds of Phish fans reveled on ``Shakedown Street,'' a large stretch of parking lot lined with vendors, to enjoy the last concert of Phish's two-night run in Amherst this weekend.
Emkay recommended a BUY on Thermax with a 18 months target price of Rs 954.
A PURITON skittles team is celebrating its 65th year by releasing a booklet on the history of the sport in aid of charity.
Lan Airlines, Latin America's biggest air carrier by market value, is ``window shopping'' for mergers and acquisitions as its Latin American passenger traffic recovers, Chief Operating Officer Ignacio Cueto said.
Rock star Lenny Kravitz is touring the UK as part of his Let Love Rule celebrations.
Currie, who is 26, joined the Accies after spending the last few weeks training with the first division outfit.
Espanyol and Real Valladolid share the points after playing out a goalless draw in their La Liga clash this afternoon.
Christian Bale fought with his mother in London's Dorchester Hotel after she insulted his wife, it was alleged today.
The European Union failed on Thursday to blacklist Hezbollah as a terrorist group in fear that such a move would lead to instability in Lebanon and the Middle East.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson revealed that Wayne Rooney had apologised for diving in an effort to win a penalty in last night's 0-0 Champions League draw with Villarreal.
A Prince George's County man was sentenced on Friday to 110 years in prison for killing his mother and step brother in August 2011.
New Delhi, Feb 10 After days of dry weather, Delhi Tuesday received scanty rainfall accompanied by cool winds.
Sex enhancement pills from China are reportedly being sold in some Manila drug stores.The pills were discovered during a raid by Food and Drug Authority officials on Chinese drug stores in the city on Friday.
It has been reported that British couple Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married.
Lydia Bushfield's 1940s musical revue, I'll Be Seeing You, opens the 2011 season at Chaffin's Barn Dinner Theatre this week, running January 6 through February 5.
A leopard killed a 13-year-old girl in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir Wednesday, triggering fear among residents.
Seagate announced its new line of FreeAgent external hard drives today.
JULIA Gillard has ducked committing the government to returning the budget to surplus this financial year.
A Richfield Springs sex offender faces two felony charges after authorities said he illegally had a Facebook account and an e-mail address.
Crimson Exploration Inc. will present at the IPAA 2011 Oil & Gas Investment Symposium at the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers located at 811 Seventh Avenue at 53rd Street, New York, NY 10019 on Monday, April 11, 2011 at 3:20 PM ET. An audio webcast of the presentation can be accessed at http://www.corporate-ir.net/ireye/conflobby.zhtml?ticker=CXPO&item_id=3848705 or by visiting the Company's website at http://crimsonexploration.com.
LeeCorp Homes of Estero, a manufactured housing dealership, recently opened a new branch office in North Port at 12695 Tamiami Trail S., in the Springs Plaza.
The Columbia volleyball team will look to win its fourth straight match as the Lions open Ivy League action vs. Cornell at Levien Gymnasium on Saturday at 2 pm
Oslo shares closed down heavily on the back of a European equity selloff and despite a higher oil price, led by StatoilHydro which suffered investor disappointment over figures it gave to a capital markets day and other heavweights including shipbuilder Aker Yards which dropped more than 9 pct.
Staff at the National Blood Service in Colindale and Edgware are ready to take industrial action to defend their jobs and to stop the fragmentation of clinical services.
NATO has begun deploying Patriot missiles in Turkey in a bid to protect the country from the threat of war from neighbouring Syria, according to the US military's European Command.
ThyssenKrupp said it is freezing all new business with Iran with immediate effect and will terminate existing contracts there as soon as possible in response to ever-harsher sanctions on the Islamic republic.
Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud is a ``terrible man'' who is a ``great danger'' to Pakistan and Afghanistan but doesn't have the resources to attack the American homeland, a top US diplomat said Wednesday.
Evangelist Billy Graham has celebrated his 90th birthday with family and personal staff at a private barbeque near his mountain home outside Asheville, NC, attended by all five of his children, most of his 19 grandchildren and many of his great grandchildren.
Donald E. Westlake, a prolific, award-winning mystery novelist who pounded out more than 100 books and five screenplays on manual typewriters during a career of nearly 50 years, died on Wednesday night.
Bethlehem will be the first Lehigh Valley town to install marked bicycle paths on roads, officials announced today.
Mickael Pietrus still wants out of Golden State, and the Warriors still don't want to trade him.
In one of the biggest drug busts in years, Argentine police have seized 1.2 tons of cocaine destined for Spain, police officials say.
Numerix, a leading provider of cross-asset analytics for derivatives valuations and risk management, has opened its new Vancouver office and begun hiring of new inside sales, quantitative development, and business analyst team members there.
Former porn star Jenna Jameson, 38, was recently arrested for driving under the influence, and running into a light pole in Southern Calif. Now, she is endorsing Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney.
Share prices on Bursa Malaysia closed lower Tuesday with the key index declining 0.11 percent, led by selling on property and plantation related stocks as sentiment was weighed down by sharp fall on the Wall Street overnight.
Italy will delay the trial of 25 CIA agents and a US air force colonel involved in the 2003 kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in Milan.
Now the hardworking 32-year-old farmer and fisherman views life in a more realistic approach and says that life is too short to waste.
AT Wall Company, a world-class supplier of superior precision tubing and fabricated metal components, announces that it provides flexible waveguide and waveguide components to the international market.
The unemployment rate in the UK fell to 7.7% over the three months to November 2012 according to Office for National Statistics figures published today.
A rumour has emerged claiming that former The X Factor winner Alexandra Burke and Entourage actor Jeremy Piven are dating.
Comments The price of oil fell below US$95 a barrel Wednesday, parting ways with rising stock markets, as ample supplies keep buying appetite in check.
Tia Mowry-Hardrict celebrated the upcoming birth of her nephew by throwing her twin sister, Tamera Mowry-Housley, a baby shower over the weekend.
The body of a labourer who went missing after the boat he was in overturned last week was found, Tuesday.
Tesla Motors, a manufacturer of electric vehicles and EV powertrain components, has opened its new showroom in Washington, DC.
Sheriff's deputies shot and wounded a woman who pointed a gun at them in Aztec last night.
Jacques Rudolph has insisted he has ``no regrets'' over swapping his South Africa career for one with Yorkshire.
The Force extended their winning streak over the Lions to five consecutive matches when they beat the Lions 17-11 in Perth on Saturday.
Tokyo stocks have closed mixed amid lacklustre trading due to absence of any trigger affecting market sentiment.
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company will announce first quarter 2013 financial results before market open Thursday, May 9.
I have several favorite people-watching perches in Sherman Oaks, and I'd like to hear yours.
A German cruise ship plans to evacuate passengers in Yemen and fly them to the next port of call Wednesday to avoid any possible encounters with pirates off the coast of lawless Somalia.
A major US sporting goods retailer turned to TradeCard to clean up & streamline sourcing transactions and create a paperless process.
Ceradyne Inc. has received a $77 million delivery order for ceramic body armor plates that will be shipped to the US military later this year.
Toshiba has launched its new 'Thinking LED' range of TV sets for the Indian market.
A former Napa County teacher was arrested in Monterey Thursday on suspicion of child molestation.
US President Barack Obama pressed the case for health care reform at a town-hall style meeting with common citizens Wednesday.
Niuean Premier Toke Talagi says Fiji is not the only issue on the agenda of the Pacific Islands Forum meeting next week.
Top US and Chinese officials are preparing for the upcoming state visit of China's leader to the United States as they try to forge a common approach to global challenges, including Iran and North Korea's nuclear programs, trade imbalances and climate change.
Accenture Plc said Shell has recently completed the transition of HR and payroll application management services to Accenture.
An independent police manpower review that was released Monday recommends an increase of 98 full-time-equivalent civilian and sworn positions within the Tulsa Police Department.
The classic musical West Side Story is returning to Australia and will open at the Lyric Theatre in Sydney in 2010.
Modern Warfare 3 has set a new five-day entertainment record for grossing more than $775 million worldwide.
An inquest has heard Antonie Dixon used a piece of material from his anti-suicide prison blanket to strangle himself.
Nissan North America announced Thursday that they are recalling over 600,000 vehicles, mostly in the United States, to resolve steering and battery cables issues.
Harbhajan Singh could be in trouble with the ICC after he reportedly made monkey gestures towards the crowd during India's victory in the first tri-series final in Sydney on Sunday.
Sterling rose to a 3-1/2 year high against the euro on Tuesday on worries about political instability in Greece, though investors were also wary of downbeat forecasts in the Bank of England's pending inflation report, checking its gains.
Although he wants to finish his career in Boston, Manny Ramirez said he wouldn't ask the Red Sox to pick up his 2009 option before the start of the season.
Former NBA superstar Charles Barkley was arrested on suspicion of DUI early Wednesday morning after being stopped by Arizona police for running a stop sign.
Maori political scientist Rawiri Taonui says the election results show the Maori vote is up for grabs.
Texas Tech baseball begins a three-game Big 12 series with Kansas State on Thursday at 6:30 pm in Manhattan, Kan. Normally, Big 12 Conference series begin on Fridays but this week's Texas Tech-Kansas State series Thursday so players can get home for Easter Sunday.
Cape Town mayor Dan Plato reportedly said that the fire that ravaged the Helderberg area earlier this year was caused by children smoking, not by arson.
BSP members on Tuesday staged a walkout from the Lok Sabha to protest Speaker Somnath Chatterjee's ruling to treat as closed a party MP's sensational charge that CBI issued threats to it to support the government during the July trust vote.
Starbucks Corp said it plans to launch a new health and wellness-focused chain next year after its acquisition of Evolution Fresh, a California-based premium juice maker, for $30 million.
Three decades after John Lennon's death, Yoko Ono says she opposes parole for his killer because he remains a potential threat.
At the first LGBT reception ever held at No. 10 Downing Street, which is the UK equivalent of the White House, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown condemned the passage of Proposition 8, the ballot initiative that stripped LGBT Californians of the right to marry, and described the legislation as simply ``unacceptable''.
Safeguard, one of the UK's leading providers of caravan and motorhome insurance, has launched a new pet insurance policy.
WellPoint Systems Inc.,, a leading provider of software and related solutions to the energy industry, today announced that it has closed its previously announced non-brokered private placement with members of the senior management team issuing 5,414,416 common shares at a price of $0.10 per share.
Natural treatment recipes for hair are not only cost effective, but they are also surprisingly effective!
The European Union unveiled an ambitious new plan to tackle climate change Wednesday, proposing deep emissions cuts and mandatory quotas of renewable energy by 2020.
A new model of Maruti A-Star was launched in Saudi Arabia which will be sold as Suzuki Celerio.
My Chinese friends tell me that the Chinese will eat anything with four legs except a chair, anything in the water except a boat and anything that flies except an airplane.
SINGAPORE - Oil prices rose above $87 a barrel Friday in Asia as Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak clung to power amid growing protests calling for his resignation.
50 Cent has no interest in meeting his estranged father because he abandoned the rapper before he was even born.
A 33-year-old Lakeland man died early Monday in a car crash north of downtown, police said.
The Russian Navy supports the idea of conducting international anti-piracy operations in the Gulf of Aden under the UN aegis, its commander said on Thursday.
Tiger Woods fired a five-under 67 Friday to take a one-stroke lead after two rounds at the Australian Open.
While disbursement under the short-term interest rate subsidy programme has been very successful with a high volume of capital loaned, the medium- and long-term interest rate subsidy programme has been going very slowly.
Phil Dowson of Northampton Saints was this evening suspended for two weeks for a dangerous tackle, contrary to Law 10, on Saracens' Alex Goode during the Aviva Premiership match at Franklin's Gardens on November 26, 2011.
Charlie Sheen is throwing a party to watch his own funeral on 'Two and a Half Men'.
China and the United States have ``huge potential'' for economic cooperation, which should be more market-oriented, a leading economist of a Washington-based think tank said.
'Iron Man 3' star Guy Pearce has admitted he was ``nervous'' about working with Robert Downey Jr. because he worried the actor would be difficult to work with.
Music mogul Simon Cowell is teaming up with bosses at YouTube to launch a global online talent contest.
The government is committed to ensuring foolproof security for foreign investors, Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Wednesday.
German Bundesliga club Schalke 04 on Friday came from behind to beat MSV Duisburg 2-1 in a league match played in Gelsenkirchen.
Grammy-winning composer, singer and music producer Mitch Miller has died, aged 99.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has paid tribute to his deceased daughter Michaela, who was murdered in Mauritius yesterday.
Mitt Romney has won the New Hampshire Republican primary.
Fire Station No. 21, which serves the Cleveland neighborhoods of Ohio City and Tremont, will be ``browned out'' starting Saturday, according to the firefighters union.
A FORMER heroin addict died after unwittingly taking a lethal cocktail of drink and drugs.
Republican David Malpass came to Syracuse today to announce he will challenge Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
Virgin Media has announced plans to offer free home phone to mobile calls to customers on its broadband bundles.
Banking operations remain disrupted in public sector banks on second day of the strike called by unions on Thursday.
A jury of 14 Robertson County residents were selected today for the murder trial of Jeremy A. Jarvis who is charged in the murder of Williard Ross, the 62-year-old retired Northwest coach who was shot and killed in the North Wal-Mart parking.
Moore endorsed Obama in a 1,100-word posting on his web site.
``My goal is to make people smile,'' said Brendon Smithson, 29, who took over the position this month.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on Tuesday that Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats in a tit-for-tat action after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
By JASON STRAZIUSO, Associated Press Former South African President Nelson Mandela remained in serious but stable condition during his fourth day in the hospital Tuesday for a recurring lung infection, while school children sang outside the 94-year-old icon's home in hopes the former president would recover.
Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir vowed on Wednesday to ``liberate'' South Sudan from its ruling party, a sharp escalation of rhetoric after fierce border clashes that edged the East African neighbours closer to all-out war.
An ambulance flipped on a northern Kentucky road Wednesday while taking a patient to the hospital.
Gnarls Barkley will be releasing a digital EP on Nov. 11 via Atlantic.
Former San Diego Chargers linebacker Steve Foley has agreed to settle his lawsuit for $5.5 million against a police officer who shot him while off-duty two years ago, ending his pro football career.
Pinnacle Foods Inc., Parsippany, NJ, in late March went public, selling 29 million shares of stock, about 32 percent of the company, at $20 per share.
Local automotive players should evolve their business models in order to retain their market share when the government fully implements the revised National Automotive Policy.
A trial has been set for June for the woman who is accused of running over a Missoula police officer in January.
Wayne Rooney has signed to stay on at Manchester United until 2015.
He talked about his multiple marriages and admitted to affairs in a more direct way than he ever has previously.
and was told by sheriffs the court has issued a court Injunction against me.
The Romanian government approved an overhaul of the country's energy sector by setting up two national power holdings to include almost all the state-owned assets in the field, news agency Mediafax cited Economy Minister Adriean Videanu as saying Friday.
Police officers trying to rescue a man from a burning house were greeted at the door by a man with a shotgun.
The Sunshine Skyway will grace a priority mail stamp, the US Postal Service announced Friday.
PTI May 21, 2013, 04.55AM IST With an impending comprehensive immigration reform, two leading US business groups have called on lawmakers to support an increase in H-1B visas and providing green cards to entrepreneurs who create jobs so as to keep attracting the ``best and brightest''.
Indonesia has announced a new shark and manta ray sanctuary, the first to protect the species in the rich marine ecosystem of the Coral Triangle, known as the 'Amazon of the ocean.
DunyaToday) Shirley Sherrod, an official at the United States Department of Agriculture has resigned after a speech she gave at an NAACP function in March was aired on Breitbart News and other conservative news outlets.
The US ambassador to Angola, Dan Mozena, is travelling on Wednesday to Cacongo district, northern Cabinda province, to learn about the community reconciliation project funded by USAID.
Cincy beats Providence 61-44 at Big East tourney A fast start and a strong finish gave Cincinnati an important win for its NCAA tournament resume.
Nokia, the world's top mobile phone maker, will offer free maps and navigation services for its smartphone users, it said on Thursday, 21 January 2010, in a move that puts pressure on players in the GPS industry.
The National Bank of Ukraine is urging commercial banks to timely use the loans provided to them for re-financing, reads NBU letter No.47-312/9436-11348 dated June 12.
A Senate committee approved an assault weapons ban Thursday on a party-line vote that signaled how difficult it will be for the proposal to survive in the full Senate.
Receiver Doug Baldwin missed all of Friday's practice with a shoulder injury that limited him Thursday.
The Prince of Wales is to officially re-open the newly refurbished Savoy Hotel in central London.
A mental fitness hearing has been ordered for a Nova Scotia man accused of seriously wounding his infant son last November.
Spanish inflation eased to 2.6 percent in March on a 12-month basis from 2.9 percent in February, mainly owing to lower prices for motor fuels, figures published on Friday by the national statistics institute Ine showed.
A Pelham man, who said he was found innocent in a child sex assault case Wednesday in Hillsborough County Superior Court South, Friday waived extradition to Massachusetts on a fugitive charge, saying: ``I want to do the right thing.''
Fourth-generation Earnhardt driver Jeffrey Earnhardt has failed to qualify for what he was hoping would be his
Twilight star Peter Facinelli has said Taylor Lautner should 'never wear a shirt' in the movies.
Former Spice Girls star Geri Halliwell has revealed her infamous Union Jack dress was actually a tea towel.
General Motors roared back as a public company on Thursday, with its newly-listed shares trading well above their offering price, the FT reports.
Rap artist Nate Dogg, known for his collaborations with such hip-hop stars as Dr Dre, Warren G and longtime friend Snoop Dog, has died at age 41.
A researcher at Georgetown University Medical Center''s Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center says that monoclonal antibodies can be used as potent immune weapons against cancer.
Mark Teixeira will likely return to the Yankees lineup Tuesday, according to the New York Post.
Poland clinched their maiden World League title after a straight sets win over Olympic champions the United States in the final of the competition at the Armeets Arena on Sunday.
President Barack Obama said Thursday that up to 9 million Americans can reduce their mortgage payments by refinancing using government programs.
An Israeli naval patrol killed at least four Palestinian militants in diving gear off the Gaza coast earlier this morning, according to Hamas security officials and the Israeli Army.
``While some more correction cannot be ruled out, we believe this gives a great opportunity to add to quality stocks to your portfolio. We believe the year 2011 will be a good one for Indian equities. The Nifty can cross the 7,000 mark in 2011-12,`` said the broking firm IIFL.
AT&T is developing a global wide area network for Netherlands-based animal nutrition and fish feed specialist Nutreco in a three year agreement.
Arizona Cardinals vs. San Francisco 49ers odds opened at Arizona -1 ½ as the away favorite and the line has since shifted to -3 ½ at Hollywood Sportsbook.com with nearly 75 percent of the public backing the Cardinals.
High winds have delayed several BC ferries, but the squall causing the gusts is expected to leave the area by dinner time.
HP has introduced CloudStart offering in Asia-Pacific and Japan, which the company claims to be the industry's first all-in-one offering for deploying an open and flexible private cloud environment within 30 days.
Steven Finn has found an extra gear to rank among the world's fastest bowlers, but he will not be sidetracked by the need for speed against India on Thursday.
Guatemala confirmed one new A/H1N1 flu case on Sunday, bringing the infection toll to 12 in the country, Health Minister Celso Cerezo said, according to Xinhua.
Novartis International AG / Novartis discontinues development of two investigational compounds reflecting enhanced focus on portfolio prioritization and productivity Processed and transmitted by Thomson Reuters.
The ``Avatar'' star allegedly threatened the doorman who sprayed him, screaming: ``I'm a DEA agent!
The AFM's revised procedure for viewing and copying digital data took effect on 24 February 2011 and replaced the 2006 procedure, which no longer met current practice.
Jordan, which saw a decline in tourist arrivals from US and European countries due to the recent political unrest, is seeing India as a big market to boost tourism.
First warning weather, 06/24/10, 5p
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East Sunday said it has no intentions to shut down its Gaza offices, said media sources.
Head of the Religious Affairs Department Ali Bardakoglu met Patriarch Kirill of the Moscow Orthodox Church in Ankara on Monday.
A new Krispy Kreme opened for business in Indian Land Tuesday morning.
The local mother who left her children home alone to drown in her neighbor's backyard took the stand Thursday to convince a jury the tragedy was not her fault.
Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer first reported that Vick will sign his franchise tender today, guaranteeing him a salary of more than $16 million next season.
7/20/2009 6:50:35 AM Red Hat Inc. is joining the prestigious S&P 500 index after the close of trading on Friday, July 24.
The Olyroos have been narrowly defeated 0-1 by DPR Korea in their opening match of the Four Nations International Tournament in Vietnam.
You can stop holding your breath, America, Dan Quayle will be endorsing Mitt Romney for president.
Two LAX baggage handlers face theft charges after hundreds of missing items turn up at their homes.
The BSE Sensex fell 34 points to 17,065.15 Wednesday in volatile trading as investors booked profits amid IMF forecast of slower economic growth in India, and US Fed's policy meeting as America and Europe are feared to be headed for recession.
A man died when he was ``necklaced'' in Khayelitsha, Western Cape police said on Monday.
Polish retail chain Biedronka plans to launch its mobile payment system this year, reports Wirtualna Polska.
Shinmoedake volcano erupted again on Monday, spewing hot ash into the air of southern Japan.
The Vietnamese Government wishes to deepen ties with Spain, and is doing all it can to create a mutually beneficial relationship, stressed Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung.
Brandywine Realty Trust announced today that the underwriters of its recent public offering of 35,000,000 common shares exercised their over-allotment option in full to purchase an additional 5,250,000 common shares from the Company at $6.30 per share for net proceeds of approximately $31.7 million.
The National Employment Law Project Action Fund, a left-leaning group, is touting the news that Mitt Romney supports indexing the federal minimum wage to CPI.
Spanish team Andalucía-Caja Granada denied reports that it has signed Italian veteran Davide Rebellin, but admitted it talked with the veteran Italian who is looking for a job after serving a doping ban.
Ramzan prayers were offered in 273 mosques across the composite Coimbatore district including Tirupur.
A former Gwinnett County commissioner has been sentenced to just less than three years in prison on federal bribery charges.
Over 35,000 new jobs were created in December, driving the unemployment rate down to 5.5%, according to latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
The seventh Toronto bookshop in three years has announced that it is closing its storefront.
Tempe, Arizona-based Limelight Networks, the provider of content delivery network services, said this week that it has added two new web acceleration services to its product mix. Limelight said its Commerce Accelerator and Portal Accelerator offerings are focused on online commerce transaction and web applications, and specifically publishers, retailers, advertisers, and corporate IT departments running online storefronts, self-service portals, and web business applications.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc., the world's largest casino company, has changed its name to Caesars Entertainment Corp.
Germany-based BASF SE, a chemical company that manufactures products including fine chemicals, plastics and finishing products, has announced it will restructure its nylon 6 production in Europe.
Former House Speaker David Wilkins of Greenville says he won't run for governor when he returns to South Carolina after serving as US ambassador to Canada.
Ingres Corporation, the leading open source database management company and pioneer of The New Economics of IT, announced today that it has been named an up and coming open source company in the North Bridge Venture Partnersâ€™ 2009 â€œFuture of Open Sourceâ€ survey.
The Emergency was passed in Parliament yesterday with a majority of 81 with 92 members voting for and 11 against.
EU regulators have dropped antitrust charges against Visa after accepting the company's pledge to cut its debit card fees to one lower rate for domestic and cross-border transactions across nine EU countries.
MELA Sciences, Inc. /quotes/zigman/118032/quotes/nls/mela MELA -11.84% today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $3.25 per share.
By Lexi Belculfine / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Two workers were injured in an Armstrong County coal mine this afternoon, authorities said.
NORTH west water giant United Utilities has been told to cut bills by 0.4 per cent over the next five years and to scale back its investment plans by £100m, which analysts believe could lead to a dividend cut for shareholders as the company looks to strengthen its balance sheet in other ways.
APD's bomb squad checked a suspicious package at the Whole Foods at 6th Street and Lamar Boulevard.
US President Barack Obama said that he ``could not be prouder'' of Joe Biden after his Vice President clashed with Republican Paul Ryan in a fiery debate in Kentucky.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have been enjoying karaoke sessions at one of their UK homes.
China Sunergy Co., Ltd., a solar cell and module manufacturer based in China, has won a 1.1MW solar module supply contract in Switzerland for 2011.
As the presidential campaign heads into its final three weeks, Republican John McCain plans to stress anew tax cuts as a way to fight the sluggish economy that has threatened global credit markets and hampered his candidacy.
Everton striker Kevin Mirallas has revealed that Chelsea forward Eden Hazard is the ``darling'' of Belgium coach Marc Wilmots.
A man was arrested for marrying a minor girl recently without divorcing his first wife in a village in Ludhiana district today, police said here.
Indiana Tech said today it would designate specific campus parking areas for students, staff and visitors for the first time.
Sandeep Warrier, the upcoming fast bowling talent from Kerala, has been selected for the emerging bowlers camp to be held at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore from July 8-20.
Former Gossip Girl star Taylor Momsen has claimed that she has quit acting in favour of her music career.
Investors are looking ahead of the economic crisis in order to make financial choices, it has been said.
Though the bard in all his poetic valour had asked 'What's in a name?' denizens seem to believe otherwise.
NRI businesswoman, Serafin Edwin, who had alleged that she had given rs 40 lakh to self-styled Godman Santosh Madhavan alias Amritha Chaitanya, on Saturday recorded her statement before police here.
SGS announced Christoph Thiel as the new Global Business Development Manager, Renewable Energies.
A man accused of posing as a police officer to rob a woman and her young daughter was charged with aggravated robbery on Friday.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush was elected to the Rayonier Inc. board of directors at the company's annual shareholder meeting on Thursday.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Hitachi Global Storage Technologies today announced that it has agreed to acquire a substrate manufacturing facility located in Sarawak, Malaysia from Western Digital.
Best-selling author Anne Rice, best-known for her books on vampires and her conversion to Christianity, says she is renouncing Christianity.
VF Corp., whose brands include Wrangler, Nautica and The North Face, says it will buy boot and clothing maker Timberland Co. for more than $2.2 billion.
Photo by Brad Kemp / Advertiser file photo Nine men, including four living in Acadiana, were arrested on child pornography charges during an undercover investigation targeting South Louisiana.
CANDYMAN, a documentary feature film directed by NZ film maker Costa Botes has been selected for Slamdance 2010.
MANCHESTER, England -Manchester City has signed Spain winger Jesus Navas from Sevilla, its second major move of the offseason.
With the uncertainty of the economy, it can be a difficult time to decide to buy a house, but one local realtor says Topeka is a buyer's market.
Fairfax County may bring back red light cameras after scrapping a similar program eight years...
Australia condemns Japan whale hunt Updated: 14:13, Saturday December 29, 2012 The Australian government has vowed to continue its fight against all forms of whaling as Japan's whaling fleet leaves for its annual hunt in the Southern Ocean.
China recently lifted the trust loan quota of export rebate accounts in order to relieve export-oriented enterprises' financing difficulties, according to an announcement released Thursday on the Ministry of Commerce website.
The government is planning to optimize incentives for the convention and exhibition industry with details coming later this year.
High interest rate is hurting the common man and RBI should cut interest rate gradually to spur economic growth, ICICI Bank Chairman KV Kamath has said.
Dance drug mephedrone will be banned within weeks, Home Secretary Alan Johnson said.
The Boeing Co. workers at a South Carolina plant have voted against continued representation by a union as the company considers the site for a second assembly line for its new 787 wide-body jetliner.
Danske Bank has obtained an €8.2m judgment on consent against car dealer Bill Cullen over unpaid loans.
Longtime sports writer Maury Allen, who penned biographies of everyone from Jackie Robinson to Joe Namath and spent 27 years writing for The New York Post, has died of lymphoma.
An Ocala woman accused of trying to rob a Gainesville bank and possibly linked to similar holdups in Marion County is facing federal bank robbery charges in the Alachua County case.
Alpari, one of the retail providers of online forex trading services, plans to launch a regional office in Dubai to tap the growing potentials for the equity and bond markets and to boost its operations in the Middle East region.
Former Tidewater News photographer Don Bridgers photographed Elizabeth Taylor when she visited Franklin in February 1978.
More generations are living under the same roof and the trend will deepen as families grappling with near double-digit unemployment share expenses, a study showed on Monday.
Bruce Benson met with CU staff to discuss his qualifications to be the president of the CU system on Wednesday afternoon.
POLICE in Ndola have arrested four men for allegedly stealing a Zesco transformer in Misundu.
Nato is failing to win over recruits from the Taliban, the US General leading the mission in Afghanistan has admitted.
Greece is restoring confidence in its economic reform programme, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said on Thursday.
On September 5, 2008 pursuant to authorization granted by its Board of Directors, Compuware Corporation adopted a plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repurchase up to 14 million shares of common stock.
OCLC announced that the British Library has added 12 million bibliographic records to WorldCat.
The US Food and Drug Administration announced yesterday that it has approved Isentress for children two to 18 years of age who weigh at least 22 pounds.
From being the largest producer and exporter of rare earths, China is zooming towards the distinction of becoming the largest consumer of rare earths.
United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon on Saturday urged Turkey and Israel to mend their relationship for the good of the Middle East peace process after Ankara expelled the Israeli ambassador in the latest fallout over last year's deadly raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla.
Scotland captain Jason White is ``improving'' following a head injury sustained in last weekend's 30-15 defeat against Wales in the Six Nations Championship, according to a Scottish Rugby Union statement issued here Monday.
13:42 GMT, April 3, 2012 The South African National Defence Force will once again participate at the Rand Show 2012, at Johannesburg Expo Centre, Nasrec.
A southwest Oklahoma City homeowner shot an intruder in the shoulder this afternoon, police said.
German unemployment fell in June, data released Tuesday showed, with the numbers out of work dropping by a seasonally unadjusted 123,000 to 3.16 million.
Vidya Balan stalker, who turned out to be a youth in his late 20s has been arrested.
Each package will feed six people, says Salem pastor Michael McCain, pointing out that this means the volunteers packed enough meals to feed 62,000 people.
BBC News is reporting that JK Rowling will appear at the Cheltenham Literature Festival on October 6, 2012 to talk about her first adult novel, The Casual Vacancy, and sign copies of the book afterward.
Retail sales volumes were weaker than expected in September, official figures showed today, as anxiety about the Government's deficit-busting cuts deepened.
Republican presidential candidate Fred Thompson is campaigning across South Carolina again Wednesday.
Pakistan will take every possible step to maintain a minimum credible nuclear deterrence despite economic constraints being faced by the country, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Monday.
BBC daytime television presenter Kristian Digby has been found dead at his home in east London, police have said.
HAMILTON and Brechin will learn their Scottish Cup fate after a meeting of the Scottish Football Association's emergency committee tomorrow morning.
Taipei, July 30 Taiwan share prices closed down 0.49 percent Friday, led by high-tech heavyweights, after their counterparts fell on Wall Street overnight amid concerns over the global economy, dealers said.
Richa Gangopadhyay starrer 'Mayakkam Enna' has seen a change in its release date and has now joined the Diwali bandwagon that already has three biggies lined up namely Suriya's '7aum Arivu', Vijay's 'Velayudham' and Silambarasan's 'Osthi'.
Marathon world record holder Paula Radcliffe is expecting her second child in September.
Tiger Woods is preparing to move into his $60 million Florida mansion -- which comes complete with a running track and four-hole golf course.
A TEACHER was granted bail with access to his computer, despite more than 12,000 child pornography images being found in his Sydney home.
George Zimmerman turned himself in to Florida authorities Sunday after a judge revoked his bond in the Trayvon Martin shooting case.
China has completed a draft development plan for alternative energy and approved Turpan, in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, for development as a national demonstrative center for alternative energy, Shanghai Securities News reported July 5 citing National Development and Reform Commission Deputy Director and National Energy Administration Director Zhang Guobao.
German automaker BMW wants a stake in SGL Carbon, already one of its strategic partners and the leading carbon-based product maker.
The Le Cordon Bleu culinary school in Orlando was evacuated after receiving a bomb threat Tuesday afternoon, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Office.
The Steelers defeated the Cleveland Browns 27-14 today at Heinz Field for their third straight victory.
Supermodel Naomi Campbell is opening a clothes shop in London to raise money for a charity founded by British royal Charles, Prince of Wales.
Airplane manufacturer Cirrus Design is rehiring about 50 employees who were laid off in January.
The probability of ratification of the Armenian-Turkish protocols has reduced, but has not reached zero, President of the European Integration NGO Karen Beckaryan told a press conference.
By JESSICA MINTZ AP Technology Writer Microsoft Corp. said Tuesday it is planning to open its first two retail stores in Arizona and California this fall.
Greeley added 1,400 construction jobs in December, a 17 percent increase over December 2009, according to an analysis of federal employment data released today.
Cyprus may need to raise taxes to help it pull out of an economic crisis, central bank Governor Athanasios Orphanides said on Saturday, a day after Moody's warned the island would probably need to seek emergency funding at some point.
A fugitive American psychiatrist accused of arranging a bogus $70,000 liver transplant was arrested in the Philippines and will be returned to the US to stand trial, a federal prosecutor said Thursday.
A statue of a former Detroit Mayor and post Civil War US Senator is moving from Washington, DC to Lansing.
LONDON -An England football fan was jailed for three years on Wednesday for killing a Wales supporter outside Wembley Stadium before an international match between the countries.
Singer Beyonce Knowles is expecting her first child with rapper husband Jay-Z, US Weekly magazine reported on Wednesday.
Vancouver Island-based biologist Alexandra Morton has confirmed to the Straight that she will not be running for the provincial or federal NDP any time soon.
LONDON -Katie Price has reunited with cagefighter Alex Reid in a bid to stop him from revealing the details of their sex life, it has emerged.
Indian Americans and Filipinos carry an elevated risk of suffering from coronary heart disease compared to other sub-groups, a recent research has revealed.
LIMERICK'S most famous author Frank McCourt is gravely ill and may have just months to live, it has been confirmed by those close to the family in New York.
Shares in Ryanair fell as much as 7.5 percent on market talk of a profit warning after Morgan Stanley cut its price target on the Europe's biggest low-cost airline, traders and analysts said.
Clooney recently told Rolling Stone Magazine that he had contemplated suicide after a stunt left him hospitalized and in pain.
Television presenter for Sky Sports and Sky Sports News Georgie Thompson had been awarded the Celebrity Lips Of The Year title.
Glorior Belli has inked a worldwide deal with Metal Blade Records in anticipation of the band's upcoming album ``The Great Southern Darkness,'' which is due to be released in the fall of this year.
A 33-year-old man drowned Wednesday in Lake Beulah after attempting to dock a boat on the north side of the lake, the Walworth County Sheriff's Department reported.
Beijing said air quality will ``improve noticeably'' tomorrow as snow and rain was forecast for the Chinese capital today and pollution levels moderated.
After much consideration as to his predicament, he decided that it would be fun to see how those things tasted.
Barclays Bank Plc plans to sell three-year Samurai bonds, documents filed with Japanese financial authorities showed on Monday.
Hugh Jackman has admitted that he is heartbroken about his new film being leaked online.
A TEENAGER who sold pepper spray on eBay did not realise at first that it was illegal, a court was told today.
Canadian producer Lunice has announced two New Zealand shows next month.
Syria said on Sunday it would stop ``terrorist groups'' from continuing criminal acts in the country, state TV quoted a security source as saying, putting a four-day ceasefire further into doubt.
An Angels Camp man died Saturday from injuries sustained falling and hitting his head after leaving Claussen's Corner July 23, according to a report from the Angels Camp Police Department.
On December 20, Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi held a telephone conversation with his Japanese counterpart Koichiro Gemba, exchanging views concerning the passing of Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, and the current situation on the Korean Peninsula.
3D Systems Corporation, announced today that it has acquired Provel, Srl, an Italian provider of rapid prototyping, tooling and manufacturing services, as part of the company's continued expansion of its 3Dproparts TM service in Europe.
A man was killed and two children injured when the vehicle they were in rolled several times into a paddock north of Christchurch this afternoon.
Man fatally shot in New Haven Police say a 32-year-old man has been fatally shot in New Haven and they are looking for a suspect who may have fled in a black pick-up truck.
The Lappin Foundation will honor several notable community leaders at its annual awards ceremony in August.
Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia has congratulated Francois Hollande on his election as president of France.
Vietnam won 73 golds, 57 silvers and 45 bronzes and came third at the fifth ASEAN ParaGames which was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from August 14 to 19.
China will continue crackdown on copyright infringement and pornography publications as crime syndicates become more sophisticated in order to maintain illegal business, a Chinese official said here Saturday.
A Craven soldier who had been in the Army for just a few months when he was shot dead in Afghanistan has been repatriated to the UK.
A TOP borough restaurant closed its doors to customers for the final time on Saturday.
Sir Paul McCartney has refused to cull wild boar on his estate which has upset neighbours, it has been reported.
Photo days for 2010 fall sports for area high schools are needed by The Crescent-News.
The 2011 Lollapalooza lineup was officially announced last night.
This is picture that has been circulating on the internet for a few days, it shows a protest in Iran where a protestor is holding up a sign which reads ``We are Lions and the Sun is Behind Us'', a very clear reference to the national Lion and Sun Flag.
Britain plans to impose a ``temporary'' limit on the number of non-EU migrants to prevent.
Washington state cancer patients are more likely to file for bankruptcy than people without cancer, US researchers found.
The N3 highway between Van Reenens Pass and Villiers in the Free State remains closed due to heavy snowfalls in the area.
Canon plans to open 100 new showrooms across the Middle East and parts of East Africa as it targets regional sales growth of 20 per cent this year.
FORMER Sunderland player and Northern Ireland star David Healy has been accused of assault, it was revealed in court today.
Twilight hunk Robert Pattinson has been voted the sexiest man alive in a new poll.
A volunteer firefighter has been killed in a crash while driving to a fire scene.
Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku says that he would be open to loan move after becoming frustrated at his lack of playing time for the club.
Juelz Santana was arrested Tuesday morning at his home in New Jersey, following an argument with police.
The latest poll is titled how many phones do you carry ?
Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight believes that Shiloh has a wonderful style and dressing sense even though she's just four.
Telecom Italia on Wednesday said it will cut 5,000 jobs through 2010, a move that will increase costs this year to yield savings of €300 million a year once the job reduction is complete, according to a Retuers report.
The Sluggers fell to Sandy Springs, who finished the tournament undefeated, 21-6 in the championship game.
Webster Bank says it will close six branch offices across the state, but none of its local operations will be affected.
The Commerce Department reported Thursday that new home sales rose 0.3% month-over-month in April to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 352,000 from a downwardly revised reading of 351,000 in March.
Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi said people have the right to protest against lies and fraud, according to a statement released on Sunday on the website of his newspaper Kalameh, AFP reports.
Eight mountain rescuers, two of them being doctors, will join the operation of taking out the seven people trapped in a cave in the western municipality of Pernik, Mountain Rescue Service Director Kiril Rusev told FOCUS News Agency.
A six-hour standoff on the Capilano Reserve has ended peacefully with the suspect in a domestic assault case being escorted by police out of the RV that he had been holed up in for most of the day.
A 21-year-old man was seriously injured when he crashed into a garage door early on Saturday morning, the police reported.
Kidnappers extended a Tuesday deadline for a ransom payment to free TV news anchor Ces Oreña Drilon and her cameraman kidnapped in Jolo, Sulu, a negotiator said.
Former US Sen. Rod Grams announced today that he's backing Tom Emmer for governor.
US investment banking giant Goldman Sachs will lay off around 230 employees for ``economic'' reasons, according to a notice submitted to the New York State Department of Labor .
US Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said on Friday that the US military will remain the world's strongest despite budgetary constraints, in order to confront threats that the US faces as a world leader.
The Army has identified a soldier found dead at Fort Lee, but still hasn't determined his cause of death.
Buckingham Palace has confirmed that Prince Andrew will step down as trade envoy for the UK, although he will continue to support business and will take part in trade engagements if requested.
Markets rose for the third straight session on Wednesday, up 2% to their highest level in more than six months, as falling inflation bolstered appetite for shares in interest rate sensitive sectors such as banks, automobiles and infrastructure.
A recent study has shown that a bacterial protein may help cocaine addicts break the habit.
Eon will cut 500 UK jobs as the company takes steps to streamline its operations both locally and internationally.
The major averages have slid firmly into negative territory, adding to the losses posted in the three previous sessions.
Three Canadian soldiers were killed and one soldier injured after an improvised explosive device detonated near their vehicle, while on patrol, on Highway 1 in Zharey District around 10:30 am, Kandahar time, on August 20, 2008.
The Federal Government has responded to comments made by a dentist from Narrandera; the Government confirmed that plans to include a new dental service in the area will still go ahead, after local dentist Iain Douglas criticised ministers for scrapping plans to include a new service in a multimillion dollar health clinic.
Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi has died in Libya at the age of 60, his family has said, almost three years after being freed on compassionate grounds.
A source told National Enquirer magazine: ``Katie treated herself to a lavish post-split pick me up shopping spree. She splurged on nearly $15,000 worth of sexy lingerie and undergarments alone.
The Philadelphia Inquirer launched Inquirer.com on Sunday, ending years of sharing its online identity, on Philly.com, with co-owned Philadelphia Daily News.
With a particularly exceptional display in defence, the Robins sank the Mariners for a second successive FA Cup win in the North-East as they put the game to bed before half-time.
MGM Mirage has added a gaming element to its international hotel development division.
QUALCOMM, San Diego, has been assigned a patent developed by Sanjeev Khushu, San Diego, Cormac S. Conroy, Campbell, Calif., and Leonid S. Sheynblat, Hillsborough, Calif., for an ``FM band availability based on GPS.''
Defensive Coordinator Brian Stewart told FOX 26 Sports he is leaving the University of Houston to pursue other opportunities.
Mitt Romney will fly to Tampa on Tuesday, the day delegates to the Republican National Convention are scheduled to nominate him as their presidential candidate and his wife, Ann, is slated to address the convention.
Central security agencies sounded a general alert throughout Uttar Pradesh following intelligence input of a possible terror strike at places of large congregation.
Comedian Russell Brand has announced that he and singer Katy Perry are to divorce after just 14 months of marriage.
Yann Danis picked up his third career shut out as the Islanders white washed the Sabres on Saturday night.
Hundreds of Occupy Wall Street protestors flooded Liberty Square Wednesday in a march from Foley Square.
A man has been booked for raping two minor girls who were working on his farm as labourers in Muluji-Chiroda village of Jamjodhpur taluka.
Obama also said the United States and China, two economically interlocked rivals, need not be adversaries, appealing to millions of Chinese Web surfers on the first day of his first visit to what he termed ``a majestic country''.
And just like that, Motorola has killed off the Lapdock.
An RNC vehicle struck a moose on Torbay Road just after 8 last evening just south of the old entrance to St.John's Airport.
The crucial verdict of the Lok Ayuktha in the Kerala University assistants examination muddle is bound to shake the LDF, as it is a big jolt to the former government led by VS Achuthanandan.
Sheryl Crow pays tribute to the late Michael Jackson on her new album, and says he had a big influence on her music.
The Saucon Valley teachers union has decided not to strike Monday, the first day of the new school year, despite another fruitless round of contract negotiations.
Spanish opera singer Jose Carreras, one of the famed ``Three Tenors'' along with Placido Domingo and Luciano Pavarotti, announced his retirement from opera in a newspaper interview published on Friday.
Spongebob Squarepants, the yellow cartoon character that stars in Nickelodean's TV show of the same name, is teaching children to save lives.
Japan asked Australia on Monday to accept Japan's high tariffs on rice and beef imports in negotiations on a free trade agreement, Japanese officials said.
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani said Wednesday Pakistan will send relief goods including medicines, blankets etc. to China for the earthquake affectees.
Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan pleaded guilty in a Jaipur court on the charge of smoking in public during an IPL match.
COCOA grindings in Malaysia will inch up in the current crop year as Asia's largest processor turns to beans from Africa and Papua New Guinea to compensate for supply woes in Indonesia, an industry official said on Tuesday.
Lindsay Lohan has begun serving house arrest at her Venice, CA townhouse with an electronic monitoring program after being booked at 5:02 am this morning in Los Angeles.
Credit ratings agency Moody's Investors Service on Monday said it will review whether to lower key ratings for UBS AG, the huge Swiss bank that has been hit hard by the financial crisis and a US legal probe into its American clients' offshore accounts.Its shares fell 7 percent in afternoon trading.Moody's currently rates the senior debt and deposit ratings of UBS at ``Aa2.''
You've seen which congressmen were frat boys, now find out which congresswomen pledged sororities during their college days.
I also like to watch the serial Friends and have bought the entire series.
Taufeer.com, part of Taufeer Information Systems LLC, a leading IT and E-Commerce solutions and services provider, today announced the commercial launch of E-Channel, a comprehensive and fully managed e-commerce service for retailers across Saudi Arabia and the Middle East .
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - Points leader Tony Stewart was awarded the pole for Saturday night's race at Daytona International Speedway, getting the top spot when rain washed out Sprint Cup qualifying.
Now that it has received rezoning approval, the Howard Hughes Corp. says it will move ahead with plans for a major revamp of Landmark Mall in Alexandria.
I have GMA x3000 onbaord graphics on my intel D965wh board..
The country gets into election gears for the first time since emergency was declared last year although major political parties are still tuned to the boycott mode even after the Election Commission declared poll schedules for city corporations and municipalities on June 20.
A new teaching guideline released Monday calls for high school English classes to be taught basically in English from the academic year beginning in April 2013.
Contentious Taiwan media deal collapses A contentious bid by a pro-China businessman and three associates to acquire Taiwan's largest newspaper and an influential investigative journal has fallen through after protests that the deal threatened press freedom on the democratic island.
Home exchange networks, which allow vacationers to swap houses without swapping any money, are growing as rapidly as travel budgets are shrinking.
Forecasters say Rina has strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane off the coast of Honduras.
Teton Energy Corporation announced today that it will be included in the Russell Microcap Index at the close of the market June 27, 2008.
American radio / television personality Ryan Seacrest has renewed his deal with Fox Network to host American Idol for the next two seasons.
Wagner threw 10 pitches from flat ground, then took the mound in a 23-pitch bullpen session to minor league catcher Juan Centeno.
The port of Douala, located in the West African country of Cameroon, will be receiving radiation detection equipment and a communications system to prevent nuclear smuggling.
Sparkpr, one of the largest independent technology public relations agencies in the US and the Holmes Report's Technology Consultancy of the Year, has opened a New York office that will enable the firm to be closer to existing and prospective clients in Silicon Alley as well as established consumer companies, a key growth area for the agency.
Juan Formell, the well-known director of Los Van Van orchestra was rewarded with the Fame, a symbol of the city of Guantanamo in recognition of his contributions to Cuban music.
The St. Martin Parish School Board has voted unanimously to appeal a federal judge's ruling that could revive the parish's long-dormant school desegregation case.
England will play a friendly against Ghana in March, and has pulled out of a proposed match against Thailand.
Rye Brook-based health and life insurer Universal American Corp., said this morning it reached a settlement with MemberHealth, a company it acquired last year.
Asian stock markets tumbled in early trading Monday as fresh worries over debt woes in Europe dampened sentiment across the region.
The Australian stock market was trading lower on Monday after the Wall Street closed with triple-digit losses on Friday, following disappointing personal income data and fears about the potential devastation from Hurricane Gustav.
The Town of McCool has issued a boil water notices for residents east of Highway 407.
A major NHS consultation to help shape the future of children's congenital heart services closes today with nearly 60,000 parents, children and health professionals around the country having had their say in how services should be provided in the future.
Songwriter and former American Idol judge Kara DioGuardi reveals past sexual assaults in her new memoir, A Helluva High Note.
The top Palestinian envoy to the US recently hosted longtime American journalist Helen Thomas at his Washington residence and honoured her for taking a tough stand against Israeli occupation, a senior Palestinian official said Tuesday.
On May 18, 2011, President Obama issued Executive Order 13573, 76 FR 29143, imposing sanctions against the Assad regime in Syria in response to its crackdown of dissidents during the ongoing uprising in the country.
Pakistani ghazal singer Ghulam Ali says he will pay a tribute to late ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh on the latter's birth anniversary on February 8 next year.
Bruno Senna says he is aiming to make his own name in Formula 1 from next year, when the Brazilian will make his grand prix debut with the Campos Meta team.
In a bid to enhance bilateral ties, President Asif Ali Zardari will be leaving for Myanmar on Tuesday for a two-day official visit.
Senator Barack Obama cut short an appearance at a Labor Day rally here, calling for a moment of silence for those in the path of Hurricane Gustav.
A new poll shows Governor Scott Walker with a lead in the gubernatorial recall race after Tuesday's primary.
Kedah local authority employees have been urged to use the suggestion box at their offices to voice their opinion on ways to improve the local government.
A Littlehampton animal rights activist known as 'Mumsy' has been jailed for six years for a shocking campaign of intimidation against an animal testing lab.
Syrian tourism to Turkey has skyrocketed by 97 percent over the past two months, following an agreement between the two countries to ease visa requirements in mutual visits.
Powerball winners who won half a $587 million jackpot in November have been giving back to their local community in a big way.
LivingSocial, the fast-growing daily deals site headquartered in Washington, lost $558 million on revenue of $245 million in 2011, according to a regulatory filing by Amazon.com, which owns almost a third of the company.
Brazilian President-elect Dilma Rousseff said Friday that her election victory shows Brazilians want change.
Affiliated Managers Group Inc. agreed to buy a majority stake in asset manager Aston Asset Management LLC for about $113 million in stock.
Federal Minister for Parliamentary Affairs, Babar Awan has said that PML-Q wanted to divert the attention of house from the Musharraf trail and punishment by tabling non-issues.
E-coli levels at the Lake of the Ozarks are coming down.
The Kansas City Board of Trade cleared its first cleared-only wheat calendar swaps yesterday.
A man wearing a ski mask robbed an eastern Kanawha County convenience store early Sunday morning at gunpoint.
Cybercrime detection techniques need to improve globally, according to Bryan Sartin, Director, Investigative Response, Verizon.
India gold futures extended losses on Friday due to pressure by higher equity markets and a strong dollar overseas.
LADY Gaga is known for her outrageous outfits, but this was one fashion faux pas she really didn't want to make -- she accidentally called American Vogue editor Anna Wintour a ``bitch''.
General Mills - the owner of Wheaties, Betty Crocker, Green Giant and other iconic American brands - said Thursday it opposes a proposed Minnesota constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, the largest company in the state to come out against the measure so far.
A new 78-bed care home has been opened in Guildford by Anne Milton MP for Guildford as the first residents prepare to move in tomorrow, Thursday 23 August.
Houston coach Kevin Sumlin is deflecting questions about his future, saying he's had conversations with athletics director Mack Rhoades about a possible contract extension.
Opec is working hard to bring down oil prices that jumped towards $130 a barrel earlier this year, its secretary-general said yesterday, and is pumping much more than its official target even as exports from group member Iran dwindle.
Federal Interior Minister Rehman Malik ruled out talks with Taliban and asked the misguided youth to adopt the right course.
School of the Osage will continue to have the lowest tax levy of any public school district in the state.
Over the weekend, more than 400 Occupy Oakland protesters were arrested during violent clashes with police.
Bangladesh security forces have detained 42 troops suspected of involvement in a mutiny which killed at least 57 army officers at the Dhaka headquarters of a paramilitary unit last month, police said on Saturday.
A Pinson woman died Friday night in a traffic accident while on her way home from watching fireworks.
Many past studies may have overestimated human generosity, if a new piece of research is any clue.
A federal judge says he wants to see changes to how Wisconsin will deal with overseas and military voters before he signs off on an agreement the state reached with the US Department of Justice.
Minister for Information and Broadcasting Qamar Zaman Kaira on Monday said that people representatives would decide about GST reform and flood taxes.Addressing a press conference along with Hafeez Sheikh here, he said GST reform was the part of budget document presented this year which was delayed for more deliberations with different stake holders.The GST reform has also been approved by the Cabinet and Council of Common Interest.Kaira recalled that all the chief ministers have also approved GST reforms.
After defending his paper's Internet presence, Keller found a blog he actually likes, praising left-wing blogger-journalist Josh Marshall, who operates the Talking Points Memo blog.
The iPad Mini release date might have been pushed back for the LTE model, as many customers who pre-ordered the device have not been given a specific date for shipping.
/ Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports by USA TODAY by USA TODAY Jail records show that Los Angeles Dodgers prospect Yasiel Puig was arrested in Tennessee on charges of reckless driving, speeding and driving without proof of insurance.
The ratio of home price to income in Beijing is now 27 to 1, five times the international average, according to a real estate agency, which made the calculation based on government statistics.
With 'Good Time,' he returns to his bread-and-butter sound of traditional country music.
SYRIA has admitted shooting down a Turkish fighter jet that had entered their territory, as Turkey said it would take ``necessary steps'' once it had established all the facts.
Clayton hasn't been seen much in Bristol since then, limiting his exposure to face-frontal shots via satellite, but tonight he made a rare studio appearance in which we see that he does not have the rumored ponytail--but he does have the makings of a mullet, or at least what would be a mullet if he had any more hair.
Stevie Nicks has released her seventh studio album In Your Dreams.
JUDICIAL officers and staff are to be trained under a programme funded by a Netherlands organisation.
Airline stocks were up Thursday morning with the wider market.
Tony Gonzalez may delay his retirement in order to play one more season with the Atlanta Falcons.
Former Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton is recovering today after being taken to hospital after collapsing during a family holiday in Spain.
Workers have begin hoisting the submerged US Airways plane from the Hudson River.
Country music star Randy Travis, who pleaded no contest to public intoxication following the Super Bowl in February, was arrested again Tuesday after being found naked, smelling apparently of alcohol and lying on a remote stretch of roadway in northern Texas just before midnight, authorities said.
Peter Coe, the father of two-time Olympic champion Sebastian Coe, died Saturday after a short illness.
Adult Swim has renewed Rob Corddry's comedy series Childrens Hospital for a fourth season with a 14-episode order.
Dan Forsman won the season-opening Mitsubishi Electric Championship for his third Champions Tour title, closing with a 3-under 69 in windy conditions for a two-stroke victory over Jay Don Blake.
A federal judge relieved Sapp of his debt by discharging him from his bankruptcy case.
Hollywood actress Ashley Judd has enrolled at America's prestigious Harvard University - to study public administration.
The Crestron iPaneL™ turns any iPad™ into a powerful, 2-way wireless Crestron touch panel.
Russell Crowe allegedly threatened to kill one of the producers working on his blockbuster Gladiator over a pay dispute, according to a new tell-all book.
Islamabad, May 23 Pakistan has released 96 Indian fishermen two days after both countries inked an agreement on consular access to prisoners, jail officials said Friday.
Two soldiers from California were killed in Afghanistan when their vehicle was attacked with an improvised explosive device, the Pentagon announced Friday.
Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon called Pope Benedict XVI a ``Nazi.''
Sony has been approached by three investment banks to sell its battery business in order to generate funds.
NY targets smoking, obesity to curb cancer The state's five-year plan for fighting cancer targets smoking, poor nutrition and obesity to limit the disease that is now diagnosed in more than 100,000 New Yorkers annually while killing about 35,000.
Thandie Newton, Julia Roberts and Lara Stone have all signed on the dotted line to become the faces of three of our favourite beauty brands.
Minnesota Wild defenseman Nate Prosser has been suspended for one game for headbutting Blackhawks forward Jamal Mayers.
The Third Street Southeast railroad crossing will be closed today to allow for median construction for the downtown quiet zone, according to Interstate Engineering.
Comcast launched broadband wireless service in Portland today.
The demand for commercial vehicles continued to slow in June 2008, according to figures from vehicle auction company, BCA.
In spite of being located no less than 93 million miles away from Earth, the Sun appears to be influencing the decay of radioactive elements inside research labs on the planet.
In an interview, Strauss-Kahn confirmed reports this week that the global growth forecast would be lowered from a prior estimate of 4.1 percent.
The Palestinian Hamas movement called for an escalation of Internet hacking against Israel, saluting Arab programmers who have managed to infiltrate Israeli computer systems.
An El Paso man was sentenced to nearly 22 years in federal prison for drug trafficking, Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said.
Sandoz, a subsidiary of pharmaceutical company Novartis, is voluntarily recalling 10 lots of its generic Introvale birth control due to an incorrectly placed placebo pills.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. & LIBERTYVILLE, Ill.---Google Inc. and Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Google will acquire Motorola Mobility for $40.00 per share in cash, or a total of about $12.5 billion, a premium of 63% to the closing price of Motorola Mobility shares on Friday, August 12, 2011.
US Representative Martha Roby confirmed Friday that the air traffic control tower at the Dothan Regional Airport will remain open thanks to recently-enacted legislation granting more funding flexibility to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Online video service Hulu is launching in Japan later this year, marking the company's first international launch.
The Romanian car market was the second worst performer in the EU, falling by 42.3 percent last month, just ahead of Greece, where registrations plummeted by 46.7 percent, according to the European Manufacturer's Association.
A grammar school teacher has been personally honoured by the Queen for service to the monarchy.
- Tokyo, July 30, 2008 - NEC Corporation announced today that it has established an LTE demonstration center at its Tamagawa offices for customers planning to install LTE systems.
After staying as a vegan for a long time and maintaining her stunning looks, Angelina Jolie now thinks that vegan diet nearly killed her.
Italy recalled its ambassador to Syria on Tuesday to protest the repression of anti-government demonstrations, urging other European nations do the same, and Russia said it would not oppose a UN resolution to condemn the violence.
UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar is set to return to the UFC after a long battle that nearly cost his life, not to mention his career.
A millionaire from Birmingham is looking for a wife, and you can apply.
United Soccer Leagues is pleased to announce that the Panama City Beach Pirates will join the PDL for the 2012 season.
California lawmakers have made headway on a budget package aimed at closing the state's $26.6 billion deficit, but two of the plan's most contentious elements remain undecided.
The FBI is reportedly planning to close the file on DB Cooper, forty years after the still-unidentified individual staged a daring mid-air escape following a hijacking incident.
Nearly one in eight US households had an unemployed family member last year, dismal evidence of the nation's still slackening job market, a Labor Department report revealed on Thursday, Xinhua informed.
There's growing speculation that Tyler is leaving Aerosmith to start a solo career.Perry said on the micro-blogging site Twitter late Monday that Aerosmith is ``not splitting up'' but ``looking for a new singer to work with'' amid growing speculation about the future of the band and the role of front man Steven Tyler.
Volkswagen has announced that it will hike the price of the Polo hatchback and Vento Sedan by up to 2.27 per cent with effect from January 28.
A VIDEO footage of a snatch theft that happened at shocking speed in Section 16 here has gone viral on social networking websites after it was uploaded on YouTube last week.
On Daybreak, we will celebrate Earth Day all week, starting Monday, April 16 through April 20, 6-9am.
California's biggest state worker union tentatively agreed to a plan where covered workers will take 12 unpaid days of leave over 12 months starting July 1.
In a 911 call released Wednesday, one of Kaleb Langdale's friends told the dispatcher that ``a gator just got my friend'' and the teen's arm wasn't attached.
Two Norwich police officers were injured in crash Thursday in the area of Prospect and 10th streets, officials said.
``Indian stock market is likely to remain volatile. India`s food inflation came in at 3.36% YoY for the week ended Dec. 24, 2011. This should allow the RBI to start cutting interest rates from March 2012. If growth surprises to the downside, rate cuts could come even earlier. The movement of rupee will be a key issue to watch. Volatility of global crude prices will have a strong impact in deciding the course of the market,`` said Microsec Research.
A DRUGS bust took a bizarre twist when a police sniffer dog ate a pet hamster, a court was told.
The US on Tuesday asked India not to talk about ``unconditional'' waiver from Nuclear Suppliers Group as it was ``provocative'' ahead of the meeting of the 45-nation grouping.
As US lawmakers passed Pakistan aid cut bill in House of Representatives on Wednesday, Islamabad has warned that the United States will be responsible for defeat in decade-long war on terror.
GROSVENOR, a London-based private fund firm, said it plans to sell its two residential assets in Shanghai and switch its focus to commercial property in pursuit of better cash flow and yields.
A New York congressman resigned Wednesday after a shirtless photo surfaced of him online.
He specially arrived here to console Kumar.
Electronic Arts Inc. said Monday it will stand behind Tiger Woods -- at least for the release of a new online golf game featuring the embattled athlete.
Thornburg Mortgage Inc , a specialist in jumbo home loans that nearly collapsed in March, on Thursday posted a $3.31 billion first-quarter loss as the value of securities it owns declined.
Police have warned a footballer not to run through a seaside town in his underpants after hearing about a lost bet.
There is a rumor on the web that President Obama ``violated someone's private parts'', after an anonymously statement from the White House.Let's say for now that we can't know everything for sure, because nowadays you can see celebrity death hoaxes or other sorts of pranks almost every day.
The Commonwealth Games will go ahead in India in 2010 despite heightened security concerns in the wake of the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in neighbouring Pakistan, the chief executive of the Commonwealth Games Federation said yesterday.
A woman accused of planting a dead lab rat in restaurant food and demanding $500,000 to keep quiet was charged Monday with one felony count of extortion.
Scottish champion Rangers was forced to seek bankruptcy protection on Tuesday after a financial meltdown, triggering a 10-point deduction for the 140-year-old club and effectively handing the title to Celtic.
Lawyers may be forced to cut fees on successful libel cases against media groups by 90%, the Ministry of Justice has said.
From September 12 to 16, a number of children from economically disadvantaged families in Columbus, Ohio will be eligible to receive discounted dental and oral health care.
``The Dark Knight Rises,'' the third installment in Christopher Nolan's Batman film series, opens at the IMAX Theater at the Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk with a special midnight showing on Friday, July 20.
Hong Kong shares ended Thursday flat, shrugging off a fall in shares in China, as investor sentiment stabilized after recent volatility.
Mayor Tom Richards announced Thursday that the United States Marine Band will perform in Rochester on Sunday, October 7th.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney on Thursday continued to react to criticism about his tax returns from Democrats, stating that he never paid less than 13 percent in taxes during a news conference in South Carolina.
What I haven't talked about as much is who owns your company's brand.
BOTHWELL badminton star Kirsty Gilmour has been tipped for the top by key figures in the game.
BreakingDC_News More US women pull down big bucks:
Don Meredith, one of the most recognizable figures of the early Dallas Cowboys and an original member of ABC's ``Monday Night Football'' broadcast team, died Sunday.
Former President George HW Bush will endorse Mitt Romney as the Republican's answer to President Barack Obama in the presidential primary, according to reports.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain announced today that he planned to visit flood-damaged eastern Iowa Thursday, making an impromptu stop en route to Minnesota and overlapping with President Bush's visit to the disaster area.
A glass or two of champagne is good for heart and blood circulation, say researchers.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Thursday that he was expelling the US ambassador in the latest escalation of tensions between Washington and Latin American leftists.
Researchers at the University of Michigan have evidence that a single gene controls both halves of nerve cells, and their research demonstrates the need to consider that design in the development of new treatments for regeneration of nerve cells.
Oil tumbled below $44 a barrel Thursday to levels last seen nearly four years ago as unemployment benefit claims hit a 26-year high and major companies announced more job cuts.
England's Laura Davies won the Ladies German Open for her 74th worldwide title, closing with a 4-under 68 on Sunday in windy and cold conditions for a two-stroke victory over compatriot Melissa Reid.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said disinvestment is ``a problematic area'', however the government would take all measures that are needed to boost the economy.
ARY-GENERAL Ban Ki-moon responded to Norwegian criticism of his leadership on Monday by saying he had his own style and charisma.
New York, Oct 30 Credit card company American Express said Thursday it would cut 7,000 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of its workforce, amid rising defaults on payments.
A 20-year-old Nickerson man and the horse he was riding have drowned while herding cattle.
MFA Oil Co. may shut down its transportation division and would use the resources to focus on retail, Tom May, director of marketing for the Columbia, Mo.
A local court on Friday declined bail to Sri Ram Sene chief Pramod Muthalik, who was arrested in connection with Saturday's attack on a pub here.
EpiCept has initiated post-approval clinical study with Ceplene, following Ethics Committee and Competent Authority approvals in Sweden, Belgium, and France.
Louisville Metro Police are investigating the slaying of an elderly Louisville man.
Medical providers and staff read the book ``Corduroy'' to patients in the Grider Street waiting room.
Eighteen Tanzanian media houses on Sunday launched HIV/AIDS workplace policies in response to news from the Tanzania Health Index Survey that the country could lose 9% of its most economically productive population to the disease by 2020, the Tanzania Daily News reports.
International journalists in China said Monday that their Google email accounts have been hacked in attacks similar to the ones against human rights activists that the search giant cited as a reason for considering pulling out of the country.
The search is on to identify the woman whose skeletal remains was found in Ord Bend Park on Friday.
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Sunday urged political parties in his country to work together and avoid sacrificing national unity, according to media reports.
Australia will vote no on Palestinian statehood at the United Nations, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said on Wednesday, according to the Sydney Morning Herald.
Barrick Gold Corp will lay off up to a third of its corporate staff at its headquarters in Toronto and other offices, sources said, as the world's top bullion producer intensifies a downsizing plan amid a slump in the price of gold.
Speculation is rife whether Team Anna will campaign with yoga guru Baba Ramdev in the forthcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections.
A Pakistan court on Wednesday freed a CIA contractor accused of double murder after $2 million in blood money was paid to the families of the dead, ending a damaging row with the United States.
R.Madhavan we hear is taking paint job lessons and no he isn't going the MF Hussain way.
A US military tanker refueling plane crashed Friday in the rugged mountains of Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian nation where the US operates a military base key to the war in Afghanistan.
Vice President Joe Biden really knows how to work a crowd.
A Powerball® ticket worth $200,000 sold in Covington on Nov. 29 remains unclaimed and is going to expire soon.
Lucknow, Dec 25 Three forest officials were suspended Saturday for illegally cutting down 70 trees from the Katarniaghat forest range in Uttar Pradesh, the authorities said.
Former telecom minister A. Raja, a key accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case, Friday met his DMK party resident M. Karunanidhi, who said Raja would continue to be in the party and politics.
German automaker Daimler said Wednesday that it swung to a second-quarter net loss of 1.1 billion euros.
More than 40 workers were poisoned in a hydrochloric acid leak in a south China factory, local authorities said on Sunday.
PHOENIX - DMX has been released from a Phoenix jail after serving a 90-day sentence for felony convictions.
The National Party has selected a woman lawyer and farmer, Amy Adams, to contest the Selwyn seat in this year's election.
Disney is set to launch a 3D phone in Japan, calling on the company's strong brand presence to entice consumers into buying 3D technology to experience 3D content on the move.
Google Inc. launching a digital music store to go head to head with Apple Inc.'s iTunes store is a tale of the boy who cried wolf.
Representative Scott DesJarlais, MD released the following statement after voting against legislation that would raise the debt limit.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden Governments across Europe scrambled to save failing banks on Sunday, working largely on their own a day after leaders of the continent's four biggest economies called for tighter regulation and coordinated response to the global meltdown.
Bank of America Corp, the largest US bank, said on Monday credit card defaults inched up in July, as more Americans lost jobs and many continued to struggle to pay their debts.
GE Fanuc Intelligent Platforms, a unit of GE Enterprise Solutions, on May 12 announced that it had secured an order worth $1.1 million from prime contractor Aselsan for a complete rugged signal processor subsystem to be included in a Synthetic Aperture Radio system for the Turkish Armed Forces.
Prominent regional constitutional lawyer, Anthony Astaphan, said PAM breached constitutional principals by enjoining the Federation's Governor General into the boundary change court proceedings.
Nassau County on Wednesday closed 19 beaches to swimming as a precautionary measure following the latest batch of heavy rain, the health department said.
State Sen. Bruce Whitehead spent the day in Montrose on Friday, speaking with constituents, visiting a nonprofit and strolling down Main Street downtown.
San Diego Padres catcher Gregg Zaun is retiring after 16 major league seasons.
Havana, Sep 24 Cuban leader Fidel Castro has praised US President Barack Obama for taking a ``courageous'' stand on climate change, but added it was not right that Obama tried to make people believe that humanity could survive under the laws of capitalism.
An Oklahoma City day care worker has been diagnosed with bacterial meningitis, a representative of the day care center confirmed.
``What doesn't kill you makes you stronger,'' the first American Idol brags in her latest top 10 hit.
Veteran actress LANA WOOD was hospitalised on Tuesday night after reportedly suffering a severe allergic reaction.
Auto approval rates have improved over the last year for customers regardless of their credit rating.
In a personal exchange with Mr Obama from CBS News' town hall special, she explained her situation to him and asked him, 'What would you do, if you were me?'
Pakistan made an offer of nuclear fuel services at the two-day Nuclear Security summit which concluded in Washington on Tuesday.
Chloë Grace Moretz has revealed that she was initially told she was ``too pretty'' to star in Carrie.
Hollywood actress Whoopi Goldberg wants her friends to stop her if she ever decides to marry again.
Science Writer How sweet it isn't:
Taipei, April 29 The GreTai Securities Market, which operates Taiwan's over-the-counter market, said Friday it will hold two investor conferences in early May to boost visibility of the companies listed on the OTC bourse.
Starbucks is now the no. 3 largest-selling chain restaurant in the United States, trailing only perennial no. 1 McDonald's and relative podium newcomer Subway, according to the latest rankings of the top 500 selling chain restaurants in the nation.
An explosive device was found at Tulsa International Airport Wednesday afternoon, according to the Transportation Security Administration.
India's annual inflation based on wholesale prices could hit 6 percent by March, above the Reserve Bank's July forecast of around 5 percent, a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India said on Friday.
A WIRRAL man has appeared in crown court charged with the attempted hammer murder of his mother.
Marc Garneau dropped out of the federal Liberal leadership race Wednesday and threw his support to front-runner Justin Trudeau, declaring the outcome ``a fait accompli.''
Funeral services were held for a Unified firefighter killed in a car crash up Parley's Canyon.
Socceroos delay squad announcement Updated: 14:39, Wednesday August 29, 2012 Socceroos coach Holger Osieck has delayed naming his squad while checks are made on the fitness of players in action in Europe overnight.
After a lull of 24-hours, two more cardiac patients affected by spurious medicines died at the Services Hospital on Saturday.
Reports filed with the FEC for the six weeks ending last Wednesday show Rep. Bill Pascrell raised and spent more than Rep. Steve Rothman for their fight for the Democratic nomination in New Jersey's 9th District.
The Union Council level of the Punjab Youth Festival 2012 concluded on Tuesday registering record participation in the second round too after a successful first round that also gathered record turnover.
India lives in the most ``troubled neighbourhood'' in the world, Home Minister P. Chidambaram said on Saturday and asked security forces to raise the vigil along the country's borders.
CEO of Level 3 Communications Inc. James Q Crowe sells 2,000,000 shares of LVLT on 08/25/2010 at an average price of $1.05 a share.
Pop star Dev is pregnant!
SIAN O'Callaghan is thought to have died from head injuries, a coroner revealed yesterday.
The ANC on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the IEC about violence in Nongoma, which the party claimed was perpetrated by IFP supporters.
Petitions to secede from the Union are in full force since President Obama was re-elected on Nov. 6.
PLASHET were pipped at the post by Phoenix in what was an exciting East Ham & District Triples Final, played at Salamander.
THQ announces that All Star Cheer Squad, the first-ever cheerleading video game, is currently in development to make its scheduled debut exclusively for Wii and Nintendo DS this fall.
Housing starts in South Florida likely have hit bottom, though they remain far lower than they were prior to the housing boom, the Metrostudy research firm said Tuesday.
Jarrid Famous scored 15 points and grabbed six rebounds, leading South Florida to a 61-49 victory over Auburn on Wednesday night.
Industries Minister Elamaram Kareem has said that regularisation of the appointment of Kerala State Handicrafts Development Corporation managing director S Somanathan Pillai has been stalled since he is facing a vigilance investigation.
Former French President Jacques Chirac has been found guilty in a long-running corruption case.
Spoken Communications, the provider of an enterprise cloud platform for contact centers, has acquired HyperQuality, provider of third-party quality assurance and business intelligence for contact centers.
A former Iowa City school counselor has pleaded not guilty to a charge that he sexually abused a fifth-grade boy.
Mumbai, Oct 26 Academy Award winning Hollywood filmmaker Oliver Stone, who is currently working on a 12-hour documentary on US history, Tuesday said that he loved the flexibility of Indian cinema to switch from musicals to tragedies.
Apple Inc just revealed their new digital textbook service called iBooks 2.
Demand for German housing is gaining further momentum, with prices for existing apartments rising by 8% last year -- a trend set to continue.
REPORTER Wednesday, 08 May 2013 Rob Kardashian has been charged with petty theft and battery.
Microsoft appears to be snooping into Skype messages for security reasons, according to a recent report.
A British missionary has been killed in Kenya during a robbery, the Foreign Office said.
EU foreign ministers meet today in Brussels to discuss whether to unlock an interim trade deal with Serbia following Belgrade's arrest of war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic.
A Terre Haute pharmacy is facing state sanctions for the number of prescriptions it filled for out-of-state customers who always paid in cash.
The Syrian community in Saudi Arabia strongly condemned the twin terrorist attacks in Damascus on Friday which left scores of martyrs.
A pair of Coopersville wrestlers finished the season by earning all-state honors at the Division 2 state finals at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
NICOSIA Finance Minister Michalis Sarris said on Saturday that significant progress has been made with representatives of the Troika at talks to reach agreement for a bailout in Nicosia.
Marek Hamsik is happy at Napoli and has no plans to leave in the summer, claims the club's sporting director Riccardo Bigon.
What did the Hawaii judge who declared the Monticello University, which issued a doctorate degree to Law Minister Babar Awan a fake institution, say in his verdict?
Kenya and Hungary have agreed to strengthen bilateral ties and increase investment in the areas of education, trade and Agriculture.
A man who had told police he had no enemies was shot dead yesterday in the same parking garage where he was nearly murdered in April.
Elton John and his longtime partner David Furnish became parents on Christmas Day, reports The Guardian.
New Delhi The Jan Morcha, led by Ajay Singh, son of late Prime Minister VP Singh, merged with the Congress on Thursday.
BRITISH officials are ``not here to dictate'' the new constitution but will ``faithfully relay'' Islanders' views back to London.
A local site has been added to the prestigious National Register of Historic Places, the Tennessee Historical Commission announced this week.
Greenpeace issued a letter Friday calling for the DNC to sever its ties with Duke Energy, questioning the company's ties to the American Legislative Exchange Council and the push for voter identification laws.
Nakheel said on Wednesday that it has set up an audit and technical support department to help it meet its obligations.
West Grey voted to keep the status quo on Monday, returning Incumbent Mayor Kevin Eccles and Incumbent Councillors Don B. Marshall, Carol Lawrence, Bev Cutting and David Mollison back to the council table.
Don Cherry came to a spirited defence of Zac Rinaldo during his Coach's Corner segment on Saturday night.
Bera said he decided to join the Sikh Congressional Caucus to work on ``civil rights'' issues, ignoring the concerns of some Indian American groups and also that of the Indian Embassy on the pro-Khalistan links of individuals supporting the caucus.
Popular Puerto Rican salsa singer Andy Montañez was injured Monday in an automobile accident in Colombia after giving a concert in the city of Valledupar, one of his representatives reported.
I am very happy to return in Bulgaria after 9 hard months, which were an extreme test in my life, Bulgarian Danka Panchova said before journalists at the Government VIP building at Sofia Airport, cited by FOCUS News Agency.
The 30,000 US troop surge to Afghanistan is to begin this week amid concern about the growing collusion between the Taliban and Al Qaeda with militants in Pakistan, the top US military officer said yesterday.
Football star George Weah returned to Liberia on Friday with a college degree from DeVry University in Miami in hand in an effort to counter critics who say his limited education makes him unfit to lead.
Music streaming service Rdio has quietly launched in Australia, with geo-blocking now removed and subscriptions in Australian dollars now available.
Barbara explains how to write a cover letter.
A 16-member high-powered Indian commerce delegation headed by Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma called on the Punjab Governor Sardar Latif Khan Khosa at the Governor House here Monday.
PTI / New Delhi May 17, 2012, 04:41 Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit today held discussions with her Cabinet colleagues on the budget for the year 2012-13 to be presented in the Assembly later this month.
Cancer happened one morning-far from the sunset of our years.
The Homeless World Cup, the world-class international football tournament changing lives, has recently appointed a Commercial Director.
BIT.TRIP RUNNER, the fourth game in Gaijin Games' BIT.TRIP WiiWare franchise, has been released in Europe as part of this week's WiiWare downloads.
The running back position is deep, so there's no need to reach for several running backs early.
US consumer spending, propelled by a temporary government incentives program for auto sales, has shot up in August by the largest amount in nearly eight years even though personal incomes continued to lag.
`` title=''``Single feather'' found in US Airways engine, evidence of bird theory`` width=''187`` height=''140`` align=''left`` />New York - Investigators have found a ''single feather`` attached to the flap structure on the wing of the downed US Airways plane, a spokesman for the investigative agency said Thursday.
A powerful bomb exploded outside an Athens tax office early Friday causing considerable damage but no injury, police said.
It's looking pretty official that Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are the new It couple.
One person was injured when a fire outside the Poet Biorefining facility left him with minor burns.
Queen Elizabeth II has stressed the importance of family and friendship in her annual, pre-recorded Christmas message to the nation.
In April, Telltale Games will be releasing Jurassic Park for both Mac and PC platforms.
The investment in technologies in Canada by the manufacturing industry is estimated to be $931.9m in 2008, and is forecast to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.6% over the 200814 period to reach a value of $1,295.4m.
Boreman was known for her XXX skills in the very successful Deep Throat porn flick.
AP / President Barack Obama says he would have no hesitation ordering women into combat and explained that, as a practical matter, they're already serving that role.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group has announced that its subsidiary The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ has decided to dissolve New Boston Partners.
Despite repeated strong opposition from China, a group of 168 Japanese lawmakers on Tuesday visited the controversial war-link Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo, which honors Japanese war criminals of World War II.
Eastman Chemical Company today announced it has completed the retrofit and startup of its non-phthalate plasticizer manufacturing facility in Texas City, Texas.
Oil prices held steady above US$129 a barrel on Wednesday in Asia after hitting another record overnight as supply concerns mounted and traders poured in for last-minute buying as the June contract expired.
The trash talking has started, venues are lining up to play host and Floyd Mayweather Jr. is leaving no doubt that he wants Manny Pacquiao who many believe replaced him atop the pound-for-pound list.
Three Swedish beaches have failed an annual EU water quality test, reports news agency TT.
Brazilian banks have turned bearish on the real for the first time since March 2010, sounding a warning note for one of this year's most popular currency trades and putting pressure on the government to withdraw controversial capital controls.
With a 48-12 win over cross-town rival St. Bernard, Montville clinched the second seed in class SS and a home playoff game.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways on Wednesday announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement that will be effective starting on Thursday.
Asian stocks plunged Thursday, with Japan's benchmark index down almost 5% , following a drop on Wall Street that sent stocks in the US to their lowest point in five years.
Shimla, Dec 25 Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh today said two vacancies in his new cabinet would be filled soon and a new HPCC president appointed as he would resign from the post and also membership of Lok Sabha.
The unemployment rate in the Milwaukee area held steady in October, as it did in nine of the state's 12 metropolitan areas, according to statistics released Wednesday - statistics that by the federal government's own admission are far less precise than most people realize.
The border fence and wall between Arizona and Mexico is nearing completion, according to updated Border Patrol figures.
A 2-year-old male grizzly bear captured just east of Deer Lodge on Sunday died Tuesday from complications from the immobilization medications given to the bear.
Comtech EF Data, a subsidiary of Comtech Telecommunications, has received a USD1.8 million order for satellite communications equipment.
Well, according to Reuters: ``Stock index futures pointed to a sharply weaker open for equities on Wall Street on Friday.''
The world's most wanted terrorists are still at large and now the US is offering massive sums for their capture.
A group of 22 hikers has been rescued when lost at over 2,000m height in the Sierra de María.
Karzai on January 5, 2011 ordered the transfer of the US military prison at Bagram to Afghan control within a month, citing reports of human rights violations there.
The production of tractors and motorcycles are constantly rising for last five year in the country.
Irish retail sales volumes fell by 5.2% and 1.8% by value in June according to figures from the Central Statistics Office.
-Susan Boyle is being stalked by a crazed fan.
Ukraine and Japan are to start realizing a three-year training program on tourism promotion this year as a part of cooperation in the GUAM plus Japan format.
The Dallas Morning News tapped ABB to conclude a press control upgrade across five 12-unit TKS presses in a project that began last month.
Christine Bleakley and Frank Lampard are engaged after the footballer popped the question while on holiday in America.
14 new wheat varieties were supported for registration at the Prairie Grain Development Committee annual meeting in Winnipeg.
``In the next session, 6,029 may act as a strong support for Nifty while 6,110-6,130 may act as a resistance zone. Traders are suggested to sell at rise as long as nifty is unable to stay above 6,130. Banking stocks may face selling pressure at higher levels; realty and auto again appear weak along with capital goods. IT, pharma and FMCG may maintain strength,`` it added.
With Opening Day less than three months away, Cedar Point will be holding open interviews Friday night and Saturday for summer jobs at the Sandusky, Ohio, amusement park/resort.
Another asylum seeker boat intercepted Updated: 04:34, Sunday June 3, 2012 The navy has intercepted a boat carrying suspected asylum seekers near Christmas Island.
Khaleda saw Farroque, who was injured in an alleged police attack during the hartal hours on Wednesday, around 12:30pm on Friday.
Former Arizona Congressman JD Hayworth says he's planning to run against John McCain for his US Senate seat.
Kasey Kahne, driver of the #9 Budweiser Ford, is going to Hendrick Motorsports.
Creative Closet Company dba California Closets to relocate their manufacturing and assembly operation into a 13,867 square foot facility located in Centennial, Colorado.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to join Wall Street bank JP Morgan as a part-time adviser, the Financial Times reported on Thursday.
A Louisiana man was arrested for exposing his penis in a Walmart parking lot.
On Friday the Bears announced they have promoted Tice to offensive coordinator, replacing the departed Mike Martz.
The King's Speech was crowned the big winner with four Oscars on Sunday, including best film and best actor for its star, Colin Firth, on a night with few surprises among winners at the top movie awards.
Wallace will undergo season ending surgery on his left foot, the Knicks announced today.
U2 frontman Bono has undergone emergency spinal surgery after he sustained an injury while preparing for the second leg of the band's U2360 World Tour.
The US unemployment rate hit 9.7% in August, the highest level since June 1983, though employers eliminated jobs at the lowest rate in a year.
The RIT women's tennis team closed out their regular season with a 6-3 win over SUNY Cortland on a sunny Tuesday afternoon at RIT Courts.
Its not just adults who have a thing or two to discuss with other people, babies too have their own social lives and enjoy group interaction, according to a world-first study.
Jaipur, Feb 22 Star opener Virender Sehwag has developed a sore back even though it is unlikely to affect his participation in the second cricket one-dayer against South Africa in Gwalior on Wednesday.
World rice prices have hit new record highs in Asian trade, following further concerns that export bans by top rice-producing countries are hitting supply.
The article argues that in the pursuit of political reform, China should adopt the ``Singapore model'' of liberalized authoritarian capitalism.
Enterprise Information Protection offerings provider Verdasys has introduced two new enterprise data loss prevention offerings to be offered as managed services.
A fire has broken out at a chemical factory in the Gulbai area of Karachi, DawnNews reported.
A day after he called for an end to India's domination in the International Cricket Council, former England captain Tony Greig stirred another controversy by saying that legendary Australian fast bowler Dennis Lillee was a 'bit of a fairy' if he got hit himself.
New Delhi, Feb 16 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Friday said the previous National Democratic Alliance government was unable to ``inspire'' with lack of focus on what they wanted to achieve on the economic front.
Jordi Codina, Real Madrid's substitute goalkeeper, believes that Iker Casillas is possibly the best goalkeeper in the world right now.
Tropical Storm Hanna rolled into Connecticut on Sunday, bringing heavy rain, wind gusts and oppressive humidity.
Legal & General has launched the 2011 Business Quality Awards for Retention after an announcement that it saved £1bn of protection business at risk.
Twitter plans to begin automatically screening and shortening URLs in tweets.
The University of Colorado volleyball is hosting a free kids clinic on Saturday, Oct. 3 at 5 pm in the Coors Events Center prior to taking on No. 19 Baylor at 7 pm
The State Government has announced helicopter shark patrols will begin along Perth beaches tomorrow.
Lumbee Tribe leaders met Friday night to discuss a deal with gaming consultant Las Vegas based Lewin International, LLC.
Charming Charlie, a women's fashion accessories chain, said it is opening its first Massachusetts boutique at the Patriot Place shopping and entertainment complex in Foxborough.
in UFC News German welterweight Pascal Krauss has been forced out of his UFC 138 fight with John Hathaway due to injury.
President Bush has signed an executive order expanding sanctions against individual Zimbabweans and organizations associated with the regime of Robert Mugabe, which the US considers illegitimate.
The Orlando Sentinel is reporting that Point Guard Jameer Nelson will start Wednesday night when the Magic host the Houston Rockets.
Thomson Airways is making aviation history by becoming the first UK airline to fly customers on sustainable biofuel at the end of the month.
In his thank-you address he said that he felt both honoured and embarrassed.
KEY WEST, Fla. Project organizers say they have set the date to scuttle a retired missile-tracking ship that will be converted into an artificial reef off Key West.
Hurricane Danielle weakened to a Category 3 storm on Saturday, as the season's first major hurricane churned over the open Atlantic Ocean, the US National Hurricane Center said.
Brent oil is biased to revisit the Thursday low of $110.37 per barrel, as a downward wave ``c'' seems incomplete.
A merger of the city's two hospitals -- something officials hope can be nearly complete by year's end -- took a step forward Wednesday.
A Bedfordview, Johannesburg woman was infected with HIV virus by a KwaZulu-Natal health department paramedic who attended to her, the Pietermaritzburg High Court said on Wednesday.
In 2010 UMMC is going to invest RUB 350 million in underground development of Safyanovsky mine Rezh.
fastjet is raising $2.4m through the issue of 42,857,144 new ordinary shares at 3.5p apiece.
Two Prince George's County police officers were charged Thursday with kidnapping and misconduct for allegedly detaining two teens and assaulting one of them.
The Nicholls State executive chef is headed to the Olympics -- he will be performing in the dining room.
The game was scheduled to start at 5.30pm, but the rain set in at 3pm and umpires Nigel Cowley and Mark Benson abandoned the fixture after a 6pm inspection.
Wayne's World music store in Pittston is closed for now due to the demolition of an adjacent building on South Main Street.
Many Chinese banks have cancelled a widely-offered informal 15-per-cent discount on first mortgage interest rates, in a sign that lenders are stepping into line with ongoing official efforts to rein in rising housing prices, the China Securities Journal said.
As celebrated art maestro Viktor Antonov put it to Eurogamer: ``It's been a poor, poor five years for fiction in the video game industry.''
A variety of Nottingham groups have come together to organise a special day of events to celebrate the life and works of Nottingham writer and poet Alan Sillitoe, which will take place on Saturday, 2 October at the Council House in the Old Market Square.
Judges are not robots, rather they're men and women who want to live with their consciences and sleep at night, a former top judge says.
Erie County Executive Chris Collins has signed into law the anti-texting law that was passed by the Erie County Legislature back in October.
The US government is elevating its involvement with the private sector to secure cyberspace, an effort that is a ``shared responsibility'' of the federal government and technology companies alike, said Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today said Congress Party cannot force a constitutional amendment in Parliament.
YoNaturals reaches out to hundreds of school children in South California in a bid to make an impact on their eating habits.
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., will visit Pine Ridge on Aug. 7 at the invitation of Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin, DS.D., to attend a powwow and discuss housing issues with Oglala tribal officials.
German luxury car maker Mercedes- Benz today said it will hike prices of its vehicles in India from January to offset cost escalations.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday at the start of her first visit to the nuclear-armed Muslim state since taking office, an AFP reporter said.
More wintery weather is expected today with a mixture of snow and freezing rain hitting the area.
FLOOD defences have moved a step closer to reality after a key meeting to discuss funding.
President Pal Schmitt signed Hungary's new constitution in a ceremony at his Sandor Palace office in Budapest on Easter Monday.
HTC has apparently sold around 5 million HTC one units, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal, quoting an unnamed HTC executive.
A Chinese woman is seeking plastic surgery to look like Jessica Alba in an attempt to win back her boyfriend.
Chicago Tribune Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is awaiting sentencing after his June conviction on 17 counts of wire fraud, bribery, attempted extortion and conspiracy, on Sunday formally put his 13-room Mediterranean-style house in the Ravenswood Manor neighborhood up for sale for $1.07 million.
The electronic voting system is to be scrapped, having cost at least €51m to date.
A Southeast Texas man suspected of being the so-called ``tall, dark and handsome'' bandit has been indicted by a federal grand jury on a bank robbery charge.
A former Brunswick County sheriff showed no emotion Monday as a federal judge sentenced him to 16 months in prison for obstructing justice.
Mumbai Indians beat Chennai Super Kings by 60 runs in an Indian Premier League match at the Wankhede Stadium here Sunday.
German mobile internet users mostly use the mobile search function, followed by e-mail by 55 percent, according to TNS Infratest's mobile internet benchmarking study.
Adventist GlenOaks Hospital is seeking a charge nurse for its Institute for Behavioral Medicine department.
After years of negotiations, Quebec and Ottawa have reached a deal to develop the Old Harry oilfield in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, a development that might be twice the size of the Hibernia field.
OMV Petrom SA, Romania's biggest oil company, plans to invest about 200 million euros in its Petrobrazi refinery by 2014, the company said in a regulatory filing to the Bucharest Stock Exchange today.
Boston Red Sox ace Josh Beckett, who hasn't pitched since Aug. 17 because of tingling and numbness in his fingers that the club believes is linked to inflammation in his elbow, has been scratched from his scheduled start Friday night in Boston against the Chicago White Sox.
The Brazilian striker Neymar said he would be joining Barcelona after the Confederations Cup.
Jones, according to prosecutors, has been charged with one count of assault after allegedly ``punching'' a woman outside a Cincinnati bar.
The High Court has granted a perpetual injunction preventing a former director of the claimant company from disclosing confidential information about the company's business.
Dish Network plans to shutter 500 Blockbuster stores across the US within the next six months.
A Wayne County woman has been charged with attempted homicide after she allegedly shot her husband on Sunday night.
Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren are officially divorced, according to a statement posted by their lawyers on the golfer's website Monday.
Icy road and unsafe speed are blamed for at least one death on Interstate 20 Monday night.
Islamabad唯ISP Chairperson Farzana Raja has said that the BISP will help the democratic government to achieve the objective of a model welfare state in Pakistan.
Neymar has admitted that it would be a dream to play alongside Barcelona forward Lionel Messi.
Radiohead are set to release a 2CD remix album of songs from 'The King Of Limbs', it's been reported.
Bodog has continued its aggressive recruitment drive into 2011 with two new hires to its European team.
Australian was arrested with 1.7 kg of methamphetamine in his luggage at the international airport of Bali in Indonesia, AFPreported.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore announces a General Management Programme for Entertainment and Media Industry professionals to be held at the IIMB campus on September 3-5, 2012..
Leads360, the industry's largest lead management software provider, announced their second annual top lead provider award winners at LeadsCon yesterday afternoon.
The Peoples Democratic Party launched another attack on chief minister Mr Ghulam Nabi Azad today, alleging he was using ``money power'' to save his government and prove his majority by 7 July.
Singer Alicia Keys, pictured with husband Swizz Beatz at a charity event in New last month, has given birth to a baby boy, People magazine reported on Saturday.
The Locarno Film Festival has unveiled its lineup, which sees 10 world preems launching on the Swiss lakeside fest's Piazza Grande, following opener ``500 Days of Summer,'' and a slew of potential discoveries bowing in the two competitions.
Newcastle midfielder Joey Barton, who was refused a visa for the team's America tour, was on holiday in the US last month, it has emerged.
Entrepreneur Media Inc. announces Amy C. Cosper as its new vice president and editor in chief, who will oversee content and partnerships for the media company's magazine and online properties, including Entrepreneur, Entrepreneur.com, and WomenEntrepreneur.com.
Edinburgh, for all its festivals and spectacular skyline, was named yesterday as the most miserable place to live in Britain.
Martina McBride has signed to the new Republic Nashville label after spending nearly two decades with RCA Records.
Tiberian Twilight'' has been shipped to stores worldwide.
``I can tell you that every team paid us and is working on the new car,'' Gallagher told the Italian website 422race.com.
A recent study ranks the tort systems in all 50 states by the amount of money paid in plaintiff awards and settlements and the number of lawsuits filed.
Police in the regional centre of Jalalabad, Kyrgyzstan, are firing warning shots to prevent clashes between the supporters of and opponents to regional governor Bektur Asanov, eyewitnesses told Itar-Tass on Wednesday.
DC United needs a win at Kansas City on Saturday night and some help to qualify for the 2009 MLS Cup playoffs.
The new heart throb and the 'next-big-thing' in Bollywood, has revealed that within two or three years, he will get married and have kids.
Toyota has asked for a 200 billion yen Japanese government loan, local media reports said Tuesday, as the world's top automaker projects its first yearly net loss in nearly six decades.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk was voted the best new bridge in the world by Travel and Leisure magazine.
Centamin Egypt has closed a $25 million corporate loan with Macquarie to support development of its Sukari gold project.
Hiroshima marks the 67th anniversary of the atomic bombing on Aug. 6.
Two new dollar-discount stores are What's in Store for Central New York.
Brisbane-based TechnologyOne, a leading provider of software solutions, has secured two new contracts in the United Kingdom with the University of Hertfordshire and Scarborough Borough Council.
Scarlett Johansson has sparked rumours she's heading back to Broadway to romance Jon Hamm and John Krasinski in a new production of The Philadelphia Story.
The following list of ``45 lessons life taught me'' is pretty good, however.
InfoReliance launched today its enterprise security solution, called CloudHASH Security, for the federal government.
Two Port Charlotte men were arrested at a local park Tuesday on sex charges.
A Columbia man faces arson charges after he set his pants on fire inside a Myrtle Beach police jail cell, according to a police report.
A former standout athlete at Hempfield High School was found dead Thursday afternoon in his off-campus apartment at Shippensburg University.
Former ARCH ENEMY guitarist Christopher Amott will debut his new band on Wednesday, October 3 at North Star Bar in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Two bats have tested positive for rabies in Winona in the past month.
Kenny Dalglish has been sacked as Liverpool manager after finishing eighth in the Premier League.
US President Barack Obama said in an interview with C-SPAN cable television network that he was confident GM would thrive after restructuring, reports Reuters.
A Tualatin business on Southwest Boones Ferry Road was evacuated this morning after a battery started releasing toxic fumes into the building.
Ratings agency Moody's maintained its negative outlook for German banks in a report issued on Friday, citing mounting stress, meager profits and rising risk for the industry.
Montville Township police are investigating several acts of vandalism at the community center near the upper parking lot which police said were discovered by an officer at about 1 am Tuesday.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott, second from left, signs a statewide ban on texting while driving into law, today during a ceremony at the Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School in North Miami.
Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said the proposal to turn Barisan Nasional into a single party is rational and needs to be studied in detail to ensure continuous support from the people in future.
Reports in England over recent days have claimed that Blackburn scouts have been keeping tabs on Egyptian right-sided star Ahmed Al Muhammadi.
For AW09, outdoor clothing brand Berghaus is launching a Heritage range.
Bukit Bunga, a border village at the Malaysia-Thailand border in Kelantan, is to be developed as a new economic development centre in the state.
The BJP today said that Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh has crossed all limits of decency.
A former Taftville man was sentenced to 13 years in prison and 10 years probation Friday on multiple charges involving the sexual assault of 16-year-old boy and a fellow inmate at Corrigan Correctional in Montville.
Cincinnati's Jim Edmonds injured his right leg running the bases after a solo home run in the second and did not return to the field in the bottom of the inning.
07:13 GMT, April 18, 2012 Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said it would be ``much too presumptuous'' to say that NATO forces had failed in Afghanistan in the wake of pitched battles between them and the Taliban militia in Kabul.
The future belongs to electric cars because of high fuel prices and environmental considerations, the head of the biggest European car maker, Volkswagen, said today.
Headaches and migraines are costing the world's economy £140 billion each year, because they are under-recognised and under-diagnosed, according to the World Health Organisation.
Employers are being asked to check that their health and safety policies are up to date and up to scratch.
World oil prices are dropping as a result of high US oil reserves and business activity in China, RIA Novosti reports.
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Mike Adams is expected to be released from a hospital by Tuesday and should make a full recovery after being stabbed twice during an attempted carjacking over the weekend.
Greek political leaders will announce a new coalition government today, but there is still no indication of a deal on a new prime minister to lead the country back from the brink of bankruptcy.
Two Denver police officers will compete on the ``American Gladiator'' television program.
The Seattle Seahawks have signed veteran safety Atari Bigby, adding experience to their young secondary.
The state Assembly approved charter school reform bills that must still go through the senate and governor.
India gold demand receded today after a slight pick-up in the previous session, as the rupee weakened, making the dollar-quoted asset expensive, dealers said.
AP December 15, 2012 The Seattle Seahawks re-signed wide receiver Deon Butler on Saturday and placed receiver Charly Martin on injured reserve because of a calf injury.
The government today said any doctor going to the US for higher medical studies would have to sign a bond with it before leaving and honour the document by returning to India after finishing the study period.
This Saturday's Columbia Basketball doubleheader vs. Cornell is designated as Pack the House Night sponsored by Bed Bath & Beyond!
Goldman Sachs downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc. from Buy to Neutral with a $32 price target.
Lily Allen plans to visit Afghanistan in the coming weeks to help the War Child charity.
Oscar-winning movie The King's Speech is set to hit the Broadway stage in 2012, according to Showbiz411.com.
LME zinc fell more than 6 percent, hitting a session low of $2,240.50 a ton on Wednesday, hurt by hefty inventories of the metal as well as a surge in oil prices which has stoked inflationary worries.
``This is like a nuclear bomb hitting,'' said Walton County resident Gail Powell.
After more than six months of lane restrictions, the Longfellow Bridge has finally been reopened to all traffic.
AIEEE2010 results : aieee nic results, aieee 2010 results, aieee exam results, aieee2010, pseb 12th class result,aieee 2010 result, aieee result 2010, aieee result, aieee, aieee nic in 2010.
The Prosecutor's Office has opened nine preliminary checks and pre-trial proceedings regarding sites in the energy sector, said Steliyana Kozhuharova, Spokeswoman of Bulgaria's prosecutor general, cited by FOCUS News Agency.
Beacon Power Corporation, a developer of advanced smart energy products and services, announced on March 12 that it had successfully installed it Smart Energy 25 flywheel energy storage system at a California wind farm.
Nobody could better describe the voice of the folk artist Aynur Doğan than Tülay German, who once called her voice ``as moving as nature itself.''
Bradley Manning on Thursday pleaded guilty to leaking classified material to the public, but pleaded not guilty to aiding the enemy, a charge that carries much heavier penalties.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was met with cheers and jeers a town hall in Fair Lawn on the even of a historic vote in the state Assembly on a controversial rollback of public employees.
The gun registry has saved many lives in domestic violence since its inception.
Azerbaijani and Turkmen Presidents made joint statement after signing of intergovernmental agreements between the two countries, APA reports
``Fast'' Jack Beckman got a birthday gift from the drag racing gods Sunday when he survived a too-close .001-second reaction time to win his second race of the season and become a somewhat stealthy title contender.
The Shreds, a local teen band, has won the John Lennon Educational Bus battle of the bands in Sacramento.
German investor confidence has brightened this month, according to a survey that could help dispel gloom about the outlook for Europe's largest economy.
It is interesting to note when anyone suggests a scientist is one who believes in a creator and in special creation by that creator, there are those in the community who immediately endeavour to discredit these scientists on the basis a creationist cannot be a true scientist.
`` By Darwish Ammar The official report on the Ethiopian plane crash which killed 90 people after taking off from Beirut in January 2010 has been finalized, the public works minister said Thursday.
Southampton boss Alan Pardew says he is happy to handle the pressure that comes with the job at St Mary's.
Hollywood actress Emma Thompson has agreed to withdraw her name from a petition to free incarcerated filmmaker Roman Polanski following a fans appeal.
The avian flu virus may be a sexually transmitted infection in ducks, therefore, explaining the seasonal peaks in outbreaks during the breeding season.
Several people were assaulted Thursday night at a dance studio, according to Local12 WKRC.
Jul 2, 2011, 02.46pm IST Former Union minister and senior CPI leader Chaturanan Mishra today passed away following prolonged illness.
A federal court has ruled that peer-to-peer downloading service LimeWire and its operators are liable for inducement of widespread copyright theft.
LONDON Juan Martin del Potro will play at Queen's Club in June, joining Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic at the Wimbledon warmup tournament.
VIA Rail, Canada's national passenger railway operator, has announced that it has almost finished upgrading its loyalty program, Via Preference and will also add extra features to its website in order to reflect these changes.
ALAMEDA, Calif. The Oakland Raiders have sold out Sunday's AFC West showdown against Kansas City to avoid a 12th straight local blackout.
The wreckage of the Artemis catamaran in which British sailor Andrew Simpson died after it capsized in San Francisco.
Day.az and Today.az projects have been sold, former editor-in-chief of the projects Elnur Baimov told APA.
Banners and trophies will stay in Seattle as part of the settlement with Oklahoma City owner Clay Bennett.
Former security officer of the Cargo Complex of the Thiruvananthapuram airport was questioned by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence officials on Wednesday in connection with the missing of certain items from a suspicious consignment.
A former WHIZ newsman who worked for over 40 years as a Los Angeles TV reporter has died.
ISRAEL must lift its military blockade of the Gaza Strip and invite an independent, fact-finding mission to investigate its raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla, a United Nations rights body said on Friday.
Hundreds of elementary students in Lumajang, East Java, participated in Islamic religion competition on Saturday.
Two men robbed a retail store in south Ottawa at gunpoint early Saturday morning.
Beijing set up its first general aviation manufacturing company on Tuesday in order to launch research and development, manufacturing as well as sales and operation in the country's capital.
US pop star Michael Jackson has saved his Neverland ranch from becoming another victim of the US housing crisis.
Oscar-winner Halle Berry shocked TV audiences when she faked an orgasm on a show.
In exchange for advantageous trade tariffs, Iceland may be able to give China the Arctic influence it's been seeking, as it supports the world's second largest economy's bid to join the Arctic Council.
Emkay has recommended Reduce on Axis Bank with a price target of Rs 1,200 as against the market price of Rs 1,563 in its report dated Oct. 14, 2010.
Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd., provider of leading edge stand alone metrology and the market leader of integrated metrology solutions to the semiconductor process control market, today announced that it has received acceptance for its Stand Alone Optical CD system from a new memory customer in the Asia Pacific region.
Hooker George Chuter has signed a new one-year deal at Leicester Tigers having looked almost certain to leave the club.
US stocks are rising just after the market opened, on track to end their best February in 14 years.
Oregon running back Jonathan Stewart will pass up his senior season and enter the NFL draft.
Nissan is recalling more than 240,000 trucks in cold-weather states because of a problem it says could keep front airbags from deploying during a crash.
``I am excited to see Judy Blume's new movie, because she is a very special lady, and more movies should be produced with her name,'' Poehler told Vulture.
Jamie Lynn Spears turned 17 on Friday, and her family was hitting the hippest Hollywood designers to stock up on gifts for the young mom-to-be.
So, after voicing her distaste of the overdramatic in Hindi cinema, 'Slumdog Millionaire' star Freida Pinto appears to have finally given in to Bollywood.
Oppenheimer & Co. raised its price target on Microsoft Corporation to $32 from $30 after the company reported better than expected earnings after the bell yesterday.
A home in northern Christian County is likely a total loss after it caught fire Tuesday afternoon.
Country singer Taylor Swift is to create a new fashion range for British retailer Marks & Spencer.
HUNDREDS of people packed a Suffolk church yesterday to pay tribute to a former council leader who died last year.
Schools were a huge market for selling drugs which compromised the safety of pupils and teachers, KwaZulu-Natal safety MEC Bheki Cele said.
Darren Criss will replace Daniel Radcliffe in the Broadway musical How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Asia fuel oil's discount to crude shrank to the smallest amount in more than two months, signaling reduced losses for refiners turning oil into residual products.
Butterball LLC announced yesterday that it will reduce turkey placement and slaughter operations at its facility at Longmont, Colorado.
Treasure Beach won the Irish Derby to lead home an Aidan O'Brien-trained 1-2-3 for the third time in the race and give the Irishman his sixth successive win in Ireland's premier classic.
Chinese hackers continuously attacked The New York Times over the past four months, the paper revealed Thursday.
The private space companies Space Exploration Technologies and Bigelow Aerospace are planning to offer rides to international customers to private space stations.
ACT Chief Magistrate Ron Cahill says he has done nothing wrong and has no intention to stand down during a police investigation into his actions.
The Dioceses of Joliet announced yesterday the settlement of a sex abuse case.
Horizonte Minerals has kicked off a 3,000-metre diamond drilling programme at its Falcao gold project in northern Brazil.
The Sri Lankan navy on Wednesday arrested 97 Australia-bound illegal immigrants in Oluvil in the eastern province.
DAVID YOUNG has called for more of the same from the Blues as they continue their defence of the LV=Cup at Cardiff City Stadium on Sunday against London Irish.
Ingrid Betancourt, the former Colombian presidential candidate who spent six years in the jungle after being kidnapped by leftist rebels, won a prestigious humanitarian award in Spain.
The Liberian Senate has confirmed several Presidential nominees recently cross-examined by its Internal Affairs and Judiciary Committees.
The majority of children living in apartments are exposed to secondhand smoke, even when they don't live with smokers.
Iron man 2 star Mickey Rourke is all set to star in an English and Hindi advertising campaign for animal rights group People's Ethical Treatment of Animals, to help stray dogs in India.
Cubs Chairman, Tom Ricketts, says the Chicago Cubs move out of Wrigley Field will happen if his new plan for a giant video screen at the stadium is blocked.
Brent crude oil rose to around $102 a barrel on Monday, supported by Chinese trade data showing rising crude imports in the world's second-largest consumer and by concerns about continued unrest in the Middle East.
The Detroit Lions have hired former Michigan State assistant coach Danny Crossman as special teams coordinator.
A 26-year-old woman died early this morning on North Lamar Boulevard when she was thrown from a motorcycle and was struck by a car, according to Austin police.
LyondellBasell, a producer of refined products, has signed an agreement to purchase approximately 200 miles of pipeline near Houston from BP by its Equistar Chemicals, LP subsidiary.
A possible label switch affecting an antidepressant and a drug used to shrink the prostate prompted a Pfizer subsidiary to recall both drugs.
The Des Moines Register is laying off 13 employees as its owner, Gannett, cuts 700 jobs to cope with an advertising slump.
Tony and Emmy Award winner Sada Thompson has died from lung cancer, according to a report in The New York Times.
Director and Producer Keshu Ramsay passed away on Oct 19.
Lacklustre South Africa edged neighbours Swaziland 1-0 in a non-cap international friendly match at chilly Germiston Stadium Thursday.
Landmark Group, the region's leading retail and hospitality conglomerate, today announced the launch of the second edition of its 'Beat Diabetes' walkathon, a corporate social responsibility initiative aimed to further spread awareness about the condition and its causes among the wider community.
Sports Writer The Oakland Athletics acquired infielder Jed Lowrie and right-hander Fernando Rodriguez from the Houston Astros for first baseman Chris Carter and two minor leaguers on Monday.
CITIGROUP plans to hire 200 staff in Singapore this year, a sign of the bank's growing confidence in the strength of the economic recovery - and in its own financial position.
Two previously unreleased DMX albums will be released to the public this year.
JBS SA, the world's largest beef producer, posted its first profit in three quarters after Brazilian demand rose and financial expenses fell.
AP Mar 08, 2011 08:16:41 AM Manchester United chief executive David Gill has defended the club's American owners at a British parliamentary inquiry into English football.
South African police say they are hunting for the killer of a flamboyant strip club owner.
The Pittsburgh-based Giant Eagle supermarket chain has recalled frozen hash browns because bacteria was found in other products processed at the same independent plant that makes the hash browns.
Charlie Sheen spent Sunday with his ex-wife Brooke Mueller and the couple's two children Bob and Max. Mueller was allowed a temporary leave from her new rehab programme in order to join Sheen at his Hollywood home, the former Two and a Half Men star told TMZ.
``Becky just ruined it - not the wedding, the whole episode.''
London, Aug 10 She does not believe that she is vulnerable to criticism but pop sensation Lady Gaga says she is ''emotionally thin''.
The Elant at Goshen Adult Home will host a health and wellness fair from 1 to 4 pm on Saturday, July 26, in the facility's outdoor courtyard.
The Wal-Mart/Massmart deal is not a major threat to local manufacturing, according to Massmart CE Grant Pattison.
A handful of new laws take effect today, including key provisions of a state contracting reform law.
The Mets will host a players meet and greet for Tuesday's Children on Tuesday, September 11 from 5:30 pm-6:00 pm in the Press Conference Room at Citi Field.
A Southern California man was killed Friday night in a vehicle rollover accident on Interstate 5 in western Fresno County, California Highway Patrol officers reported.
Mystic Seaport will honor WoodenBoat magazine and its founder, Jon Wilson, with the America and the Sea Award.
State Senator Kerry Roberts took the oath of office on Wednesday in Nashville to represent the 18th Senatorial District which includes Sumner and Robertson Counties.
But it seems Jermaine Jones may not be the gentle giant he seemed - and his set to get the boot from American Idol tonight over an undisclosed criminal record.
Hull City are about to complete two new signings for the second half of this season, according to British media.
Former NFL player David Meggett was sentenced to 30 years in prison yesterday after his conviction in a Charleston, SC, court on charges of criminal sexual conduct and burglary, authorities said.
Miley Cyrus will reportedly be starring in an upcoming movie about God, and since her recent controversial tweets on Christianity, this is coming as a surprise to some people.
Ronaldinho made his return to football after an absence of almost four months on Saturday, playing 56 minutes of a charity match in Venezuela.
Maria Susairaj, the key accused in the Neeraj Grover murder case, in her confession before the magistrate this week said that she had helped Jerome Mathew in the killing because she was in love with him.
Pasadena native Richard Helgerson, a leading scholar of Renaissance literature and a former visiting professor at Caltech, has died, his family announced.
Children playing with matches were probably to blame for a series grass fires in Oswestry, fire bosses said today.
Libya's independent leader Muammar Gaddafi while addressing the United Nations said Kashmir should be an independent buffer state between India and Pakistan.
The Australian market has received positive leads from offshore trading overnight, with securities indices more buoyant and both gold and oil reversing recent losses.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe yesterday rejected calls by fellow African leaders to postpone today's presidential election, saying there could be no interference in his country even from the African Union.
Actress Jennifer Garner says she wants to make a return to action movies after visiting her husband Ben Affleck on the set of his new crime drama ``Runner, Runner''.
More than $17 million is on the way to the area to fight blight in the city of Saginaw.
The Republican presidential candidates clashed bitterly and personally over health care and immigration in a snarling Tuesday night debate that featured some of the most barbed and heated exchanges of the months-long campaign.
Dr. Lesley M. Hallick was named the 17th president of Pacific University in a morning ceremony today at Old College Hall on the University's Forest Grove campus.
A North Vancouver registered massage therapist has been found guilty of sexually assaulting one of his patients a number of times during treatments.
The cruise ship Mona Lisa with 984 people on board ran aground early on Sunday in the Baltic Sea, off the northwest coast of Latvia, the coast guard said.
Gamania announced today that Noriyuki Iwadare, famed Japanese videogame music producer and composer of the classic console tactical RPG series Langrisser, will return to once again compose for Langrisser Schwarz
A commissioner is going to bat for a resident with a gravel driveway who, after 10 years, is being told he must replace it with cement or asphalt.
The deadline to apply for the newest American Board of Veterinary Practitioners certification, exotic companion mammal practice, is quickly approaching.
Hawaii seasonally adjusted unemployment rate fell to 6-point-3 percent last month from 6-point-6 percent in May.
Overseas now to The Philippines, where president Benigno Aquino has declared a state of national calamity.
An Albuquerque man accused of shooting his brother-in-law with a crossbow on Christmas Eve has an extensive violent past.
A documented Sureno gang member was arrested for an attempted robbery April 14 at a San Rafael market, according to San Rafael police.
Canadian prisoners will be paying more for room and board next year, Canada's tough-on-crime Public Safety Minister Vic Toews said Wednesday, Xinhua news agency reported.
One Florida Lotto player won $21 million after matching all six winning numbers in the latest drawing, lottery officials said today.
Three firefighters were injured Thursday while rescuing a woman from a fire in her house.
The lads in One Direction have hired personal assistants to wait on them hand and foot.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke called on US lawmakers to consider rules limiting federal spending, annual deficits or accumulated debt to curtail the risk of a fiscal crisis.
I got excited today while reading news accounts that rapper 50 Cent had dropped about 50 pounds for a new movie role in ``Things Fall Apart.''
CIMB Thai Bank said it had no plans to delist when its parent, Malaysia's CIMB Group Holdings Bhd, gets a listing in Bangkok, which is expected this year.
``It is a common man's budget with no increase in freight and passenger fares.
The Australian market ended Friday's trading session in negative territory, dragged down by banks taking cues from Wall Street where the major averages witnessed sharp sell-off in late trading session, despite positive economic data, amid concerns about the debt crisis in Europe.
You are a fool if you think Elvis is still alive.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo endorsed Rep. Charles Rangel, who is facing a tough upcoming primary.
nglish soccer club Chelsea won the UEFA European Champions League final on Saturday night, defeating Bayern Munich in a penalty shoot-out, four years after they had failed in the final of the same competition, also in a penalty shoot-out, under Israeli coach Avram Grant.
Congressman Tom Reed announced on Monday that his Washington , DC Office and his Corning District Office have begun operation.
FNB Corp., one of Pittsburgh's largest banks, will consolidate 20 branches by year-end, President and CEO Vincent Delie Jr. said Wednesday during a second quarter earnings call with analysts.
'The Riches' star Minnie Driver has finally confirmed what we've all known for month--her pregnancy.
The Janata Dal-United, a key BJP ally, on Wednesday announced it was going solo in the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls after seat-sharing talks with the BJP's top leaders collapsed.
Serbian police on Sunday removed a monument to Albanian rebels in a mainly ethnic Albanian southern city of Serbia, a step that risked raising tensions in the area.
US stocks jumped sharply higher on Friday, closing out the best week in two years and starting the second half on a solid positive note.
The euro is nearing parity with the Swiss franc as concerns about European government debt squeeze the 17-nation currency on the foreign exchange markets.
In a six hour grilling by the UK Iraq Inquiry, Mr Blair said he ``would do it again''.
More than 200 council staff say they have been bullied at work and under half feel valued in their jobs.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday left for Nay Pyi Taw on a three day visit to Myanmar during which the two countries are expected to take a series of initiatives to bolster bilateral relations in several key areas, including energy, trade and connectivity sector.
Ubisoft announced today that it has launched Uplay alongside the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of Assassin's Creed II, and it will also be available for PC when that version launches as well.
Elections BC says the HST voting process that comes to an end this afternoon has gone ``remarkably well''.
12 hours ago Canadian speedskater Denny Morrison is expected to be out of action until March after breaking his leg while cross-country skiing.
Volkswagen says it will keep the Passat name for its new midsize vehicle that will be built at the company's new US plant in Tennessee.
Newt Gingrich made yet another comeback Republican presidential race last night, ending a six-week losing streak with a decisive win in his home state.
Legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor, whose violet eyes, tumultuous love life and passion for diamonds became a byword for Hollywood glamour, died on Wednesday at age 79.
Singer-actor Justin Timberlake is heading to Las Vegas with Christina Aguilera for a special charity concert.
The recently released report reveals that older gas appliances pose a greater risk to CO incidents, with more than two thirds of CO incidents reported involved central heating appliances, of which 50% were older central heating boilers.
Another Afghan Christian convert, who was also in prison at the same time as more well-known convert Said Musa, was recently released and has made it to a safe country, reported a Christian persecution watchdog group on Wednesday.
The Philippine Catholic Church has opened a website where Filipinos could offer Masses for the dead in time for the traditional days of remembering departed loved ones, a spokesman said Monday.
Virgin's Sir Richard Branson has agreed to donate $2,000 to a Glendale homeless shelter after the mogul ran a one-day Twitter campaign to raise awareness after being inspired by volunteer Shannon Smith who contacted Branson wanting to ``walk in his shoes'' for a day.
Ghana midfielder Mubarak Wakaso was the hero as he scored a classy goal and set up another as he returned from suspension to help Espanyol beat Osasuna 2-0 in Spain on Sunday.
Police officers Kulasuriya Arachchige Wasantha Kulasuriya and Madawala Watthegedara Sunil Dayananda of Gokarella Police were acquitted by Kurunegala High Court judge Lalith Jayasuriya.
China strongly condemned the reported fatal shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Thursday.
Schmidt talked about the recession, which he now considers to be 'behind us', and the technological advances of Google, including the new mobile phones that are coming out, saying that they ``make money, and lots of it, it turns out from advertising on mobile phones.''
Canadian Centerra is likely to develop another gold mine in Kyrgyzstan at the initiative of the Kyrgyzstan's Development Fund, the Ministry of Natural Resources informed the news agency 24.kg on Monday.
A Pennsylvania man has died from injuries suffered in a fall at a Buckhannon wood products plant.
``I've pretty well been disgusted by all the media, right and left, after this episode,'' Coburn said during an interview on NBC's ``Meet the Press.''
SENIOR US general David Petraeus on Tuesday hailed 'important breakthroughs' and detentions in Pakistan, following the capture of a top Afghan Taleban commander and reports of other arrests.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Friday conducted an aerial survey of Chennai city, its suburbs and garbage dump yards.
'The National Telecom Policy 2011 will be forwarded to the Telecom Commission for a review and thereafter to the cabinet for a final decision,' R. Chandrashekhar, secretary, Department of Telecom, said in an event here.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called for a new world order not dominated by Western powers in the service of ``the devil.''
Bombardier Inc. plans to cut production of its flagship CRJ regional jet, a move that points to slowing demand in a rocky global market, but also larger strategic issues besetting the aerospace giant.
LinkedIn has unveiled a free iPad app, which has a different look from the website.
President Obama on Tuesday signed a food safety bill that gives the Food and Drug Administration new authority to prevent foodborne illness.
Apple has today launched a new standalone app for Podcasts that runs on iPhone and iPad.
The Italian manufacturing activity growth eased in February, the Markit Economics showed on Monday.
California scientists said on Tuesday that they found four new viruses in healthy honey bee colonies.
Tiger Woods took the lead on his seventh hole and held it for the rest of the day as his Australian Open rivals tried to cut into his nine-under-par lead, to no avail.
Christina Applegate showed off her growing baby bump while out in Los Angeles on Monday with her fiance, Martyn LeNoble.
Germany today marks the 60th anniversary of the start of the Berlin airlift, Deutsche Welle informed.
Villarreal were held to a dull 0-0 draw at Real Mallorca in La Liga on Sunday, a result which saw their chances of securing automatic qualification for next season's Champions League fade away.
As a part of their celebration of their 50th year in Los Angeles, the Lakers returned to the Forum in Inglewood for the second game of the 2009 pre-season schedule.
More Asian issuers rushed into the bond market towards the end of last week amid expectations that the flow of funds into the emerging markets will intensify following the US Federal Reserve's decision to ease monetary conditions as it commences quantitative easing with the purchase of US$40 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities a month.
This Saturday April 4th Johnson will return to Hickory Motor Speedway to pilot the #74 Johnson Cooling --
Clinton, who is secretary of state under President Barack Obama, said on Sunday that she is not planning to run again for president or any other political office.
South Sydney have signed one of the best young forwards in rugby league, securing 20-year-old Great Britain star Sam Burgess for four years.
Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton says he wanted to become a dad because kids, unlike boyfriends, are forever.
yahoostocknews Alibaba chief steps up attack on Yahoo: (at Financial Times) - The dispute between Alibaba, China's biggest e-comm...
Morocco is a recognized microcredit champion, boasting 40 percent of client outreach in the Arab world and host to some of the best performing microfinance institutions in the world, a Focus note said.
Princess Beatrice has escaped unhurt after a car crash near Buckingham Palace in central London.
Ghana 's parliament approved an emergency USD 175mn budget aiming to decrease a larger than anticipated fiscal shortfall.
South Korean consumer confidence declined for a second straight month after quickening inflation prompted the central bank to raise borrowing costs again.
A middle-aged Dunedin man died while snorkelling during a hunting trip to Stewart Island on Monday.
The latest poll of voter sentiment has National able to govern New Zealand alone after the coming election, but party strategists are downplaying the findings.
Portuguese striker Pauleta is ready to retire if he fails to receive a tempting offer of a new challenge.
The Indian Air Force will soon switch over to a modern communication system - AFNET, with foolproof security in the areas of operation, maintenance and administration, a top IAF official said on Tuesday.
Unicef, with its global partners, is marking World Breastfeeding Week with a call for the benefits of breastfeeding to be broadcast beyond clinics and delivery rooms to the public at large, particularly to young people.
Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney made a campaign stop in Ankeny on Friday morning.
At least four local stations will continue to broadcast in analog past the Federal Communication Commission's original analog termination date of Tuesday because of a last-minute move by the FCC.
Today, when she has a niche of her own, the actress says she doesn't regret any of her mistakes.
Microsoft today announced that it intends to acquire DATAllegro Inc., a provider of data warehouse appliances.
Mons, Belgium - Vetasoft today is pleased to announce the release of 8 bit Vs 16 bit 1.0 for iOS, an old retro style game with an all new simple and addictive concept including Retina and Game Center support.
The Symbian Foundation is reportedly shutting down its website next month, on December 17.
Apple introduced iCloud, a set of free new cloud services that work with applications on the iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC to automatically and wirelessly store content in iCloud and automatically and wirelessly push it to all back again.
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast of Russia invites Minsk Oblast to sign a cooperation agreement, Chairman of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast Legislative Assembly Evgeny Lebedev said as he met with Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives of the National Assembly of Belarus Viktor Guminsky, BelTA learnt.
HUGE progress made to close the economic gap between the North-East and the rest of the UK is too big a prize to lose, it was claimed yesterday.
Sooners finish dominating run with 2nd NCAA title With a loaded lineup and the returning national player of the year, Oklahoma breezed through its softball season in dominant fashion.
QUEENSLAND Rail is about to start making more noise about its quiet carriages in an effort to make people aware of the expectation they travel in silence in certain parts of the train.
McFly drummer Harry Judd and his professional partner Aliona Vilani won the glitterball trophy on 'Strictly Come Dancing' last night.
Uganda is hosting a Gulf Co-operation Council investment forum here this week at which local Ugandan businessmen will find opportunities to meet international businessmen.
The City of Kitchener has declared a 'snow event' meaning there is no parking at all today on all city streets.
UK car production finally fell in July following eight successive months of growth, the latest industry figures have revealed.
A busy morning for Savannah-Chatham Police after two unrelated shootings sent two men to the hospital.
Florida State defensive end Bjoern Werner will enter the NFL draft, the school announced Thursday.
An Iranian lawmaker says the United States does not favor an independent Latin America, stressing that Iran will spare no effort for the independence of the revolutionary people in that region.
India imported most of its Sulphur from different countries like 29888 MT from Qatar, 28389 MT from UAE, 10980 MT from Bahrain, 3742 MT from Russia, 487 MT from Iraq and 880 MT from Other Countries.
The Tulsa County Fair board is considering downsizing Fair Meadows at their meeting Tuesday.
A Greater Cincinnati tradition returns this weekend to Newport on the Levee when Glier's Goettafest celebrates its 10th anniversary with an array of additions, including a Goetta topping, presented by Graeter's Ice Cream.
A statement issued by the London hospital where he is being treated said: 'Fabrice Muamba remains in intensive care at The London Chest Hospital, where today he is showing small signs of improvement.
A little boy in Britain wrote a heartfelt missive to an estate owner, asking for a custom designed chimney for Santa, Reuters reports.
Sivaganga district recorded the highest number of fake documents seeking fresh passports during last year, said Deputy Inspector General of Police P. Balasubramanian, who is holding additional charge as DIG of Police.
Amylin Inc., the maker of drugs for metabolic diseases, said its fourth-quarter loss narrowed on lower costs.
Rihanna has reportedly 'bombarded' clean cut Joe Jonas with 'raunchy texts', determined to take him on the 'wildest ride of his life'.
Today is the last day to register for the primary on August 24th.
Idaho will receive more than $658,000 as part of the largest health care fraud settlement in US history, Attorney General Lawrence Wasden said.
Justin Bieber says that Selena Gomez and he never try to hide their relationship for any cause.
A tornado watch issued for much of Western North Carolina by the National Weather Service has expired.
Ronaldinho ( Images ) said he was unsure if he would stay at AC Milan ( Images ) next term after scoring two goals in the Rossoneri's 3-0 win over Juventus ( Images ) in their final game of the season on Saturday.
The so-called religious runaway case is headed back to an Ohio court Tuesday for a custody dispute with her family.
Google has agreed to buy Frommer's travel guidebooks from the US publishing company John Wiley & Sons, as the search giant looks to expand its original content offering.
Oil prices fell below $37 a barrel Tuesday in Asia as a deepening global slowdown weighed on expectations for crude demand.
American hip-hop artist and actor Common proves he is an uncommon man as he appears on this month's cover of Michigan Avenue magazine and talks about women, work, dreams and Kanye West.
Greg Ip, the US economics editor for The Economist, will give a public lecture at Washington and Lee University on Thursday, Feb. 5, at 5 pm in Room 327 of Huntley Hall.
Poland will levy taxes on a broader array of hydrocarbons than just shale gas but they will be implemented only once commercial shale gas extraction is underway, a ministry spokesperson confirmed for PAP following a wire report.
Brett Favre is no longer wearing the almost comically oversized walking boot that he used as a dramatic prop in his weekly press conference.
Country singer Chely Wright has come out of the closet as a lesbian, according to People.
Celtic won the final game of their Aussie tour 1-0 in Melbourne, with Neil Lennon making a couple of changes to the side that beat Perth.
Morehead State men's basketball standout Kenneth Faried earned two more postseason honors Wednesday, both from CollegeInsider.com.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne and his ex-wife Vicky Pryce have each been jailed for eight months for perverting the course of justice.
KJ Choi, who scored his breakthrough victory on the PGA Tour in New Orleans in 2002, is the latest highly ranked golfer to commit to play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
Sesame Street Live returns to the Fargodome with ``Elmo's Green Thumb'' at 7 pm Oct. 8, 10:30 am and 2 pm Oct. 9 and 1 and 4 pm Oct. 10.
A new FM radio station is spicing up CNMI airwaves with authentic island music from all parts of the world-whether it be Chamorro/Carolinian, Jawaiian, roots reggae, you name it.
Internet minders voted Monday to allow virtually unlimited new domain names based on themes as varied as company brands, entertainment and political causes, in the system's biggest shake-up since it started 26 years ago.
Niagara will ``weather the economic storm'' as there are plans to invest in infrastructure, spur economic growth and revitalize downtowns, said Peter Partington.
Survivors of the fatal bus accident that killed dozens of people recounted the horror today, a day after the incident.
Employees with the Ruston Airport confirm that a charter plane from Shreveport Regional Airport made an emergency landing at their facility today.
Micro-finance is in a ``danger zone'' and to think that poverty alleviation in India is possible through this ``discredited model'' is ``crap'', Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh said Wednesday.
Videogame maker THQ Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and said its assets will be acquired by affiliates of private equity firm Clearlake Capital Group LP in a roughly $60 million deal.
Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon who arrived in Colombo late Thursday will hold talks with President Mahinda Rajapaksa, the Foreign Minister and leaders of key political parties during his two-day trip, Government sources said on Friday.
After all the Olympic hoopla, Usain Bolt says he just wants to get back to his day job - running fast.
JOHANNESBURG -Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar began practicing normally again on Thursday, indicating he is over a back injury and ready for the World Cup.
Two kayaks capsized near Charles Island in Milford Sunday morning at 9:38 am hours, public safety officials says.
The meeting of Armenian, Azerbaijani and Russian Foreign Ministers scheduled for March 25 was put off, Interfax reports referring to a source at the Russian Foreign Ministry.
Actor Juhi Chawla is reportedly miffed with actor Shah Rukh Khan, as he did not inform her about the fact that her ailing brother Bobby Chadha, who was the CEO OF SRK's Red Chillies, has been replaced by Venky Mysore.
Khartoum on Thursday said it seeks peace with South Sudan and hopes the South responds favourably to African Union and UN resolutions for ending hostilities.
A complex trough is moving across New Zealand on Monday and early Tuesday, bringing a cooler southerly change.
Former Hawks spokesperson Colonel McIntosh Polela has been fired for his now infamous Vaseline tweet, according to a Beeld report.
It's those strong winds that could possibly pose a danger to large trees around your home.
The trade surplus narrowed by 23 per cent in December as exports fell and imports climbed by 8 per cent.
Political journalist and commentator Anthony Howard has died after a short illness, his family says.
Finnish/Swedish symphonic metallers NIGHTWISH kicked off their Australian tour Sunday night at Metro Fremantle in Perth.
A Tennessee father reportedly tried to sell his daughter for bail money for his girlfriend.
One does not have to be a theist to recall and appreciate the words of the great Greek dramatist Euripides, who wrote 2400 years ago: ``Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first drives mad''.
Punjab Governor Sardar Latif Khosa has urged doctors to honour their oath rather than making it a mere ritual.
Resistant Italian ryegrass populations have increased across the southern winter wheat growing regions and are continuing to threaten wheat production in the region.
Mica, R-Winter Park, toured Port Canaveral on Feb. 13.
Liza Minnelli said she had to sing through the pain to make her new album as she injured her knee.
In Iran, reformist candidate Mahdi Karoubi charged that the authorities were preventing doctors from issuing medical certificates to protesters wounded during the post-election unrest.
The Budget for 2011-12 will have an inflationary impact, former finance minister and Bhartiya Janata Party MP and former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha today said.
Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway said he is considering a run for the US Senate seat currently being held by Republican Senator Jim Bunning who is up for election in 2010.
Peter Andre has offered his support to Cheryl Cole amidst rumours that her marriage to Ashley is over.
General Motors Co. said it could cut about 354 jobs at its Vauxhall plant in Luton, England, as it restructures its European operations, which also include Opel.
A Milpitas science teacher has been placed on leave after showing parts of the graphic anti-abortion film ``The Silent Scream'' to five eighth-grade classes.
Case Western Reserve University has received a $20.5 million gift from Donald Goodman, DDS and Ruth Weber Goodman.
Today, Planters, America's leading snack nut brand, launches a new marketing campaign that features Mr. Peanut, the beloved icon, speaking for the first time in 94 years in a series of stop-motion animation commercials that bring to life the ``Naturally Remarkable'' world of Planters.
Paris Hilton will avoid jail time in connection with her pending drug case in Las Vegas, Nevada under a plea deal worked out with prosecutors, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported Friday.
A 26-years-old Hattiesburg man was killed during a shooting late Wednesday at a Lamar County apartment.
A defense witness in the murder trial of ex-Batangas governor Jose Antonio Leviste had admitted to being a disbarred lawyer.
AT&T opened a new innovation center in Ra'anana, Israel, together with Amdocs.
Lion Nathan, a producer of beer and wine products, has extended its partnership with Diageo, an international liquor company, to sell, market and distribute Captain Morgan rum in New Zealand.
STANFORD, Calif. Alfred Lane , MD, knows that kids love summer and kids love sun. However, Dr. Lane cautions, parents must remember that ``there's no such thing as a good tan.''
A Tuscaloosa County man was injured when a bullet, likely from a nearby shooting range, came through his car window.
Michael Jackson's former wife Debbie Rowe kids custody emails have apparently been leaked to the media by a close friend of Rowe.
A Palmetto Bay man was shot early Tuesday while exchanging gunfire with a trio of robbers, police said.
Toyota announced today that it has developed the world's first SRS rear window curtain shield airbag to protect rear passengers' heads in the event of a rear-end collision.
England will name a new cricket captain after Michael Vaughan decided to step down following his team's Test series loss to South Africa and Paul Collingwood announced he'd stepped down as one day skipper.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April following a big jump in March, but the improvement is likely to be temporary as consumers are battered in coming months by price hikes for gasoline, food and a host of other items.
Australia has won the toss and elected to bowl in cloudy conditions in their cricket World Cup match against New Zealand at Nagpur today.
Kid Rock has claimed that he will ``go to war'' with animal rights group PETA.
A 51-year-old man was struck and killed on Interstate 85 Wednesday night as he was picking up possessions he had lost along the highway, Lee County Coroner Bill Harris said.
Performances To Grow On presents the Pushcart Players in their production of ``Peter and the Wolf'' at 4 pm Sat., March 7 in the Scherr Forum Theatre, Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza, 2100 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd.
QUEENSLAND State of Origin rugby league star Greg Inglis has formally indicated he will contest charges he assaulted his former girlfriend.
A ground squirrel trapped at a popular campground in southern California has tested positive for plague.
Apr. 28, 2008 06:06 AM CHICAGO - Candy maker Mars Inc. says it's buying confectioner Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. in an all-cash deal valued at almost $23 billion.
Cricket News 1 hour ago Former Australian umpire Darrell Hair questions Muttiah Murlitharan's action yet again Former Australian umpire Darrell Hair has yet again accused legendary Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan of chucking.
EMC Corporation, OfficeMax Incorporated and AVANIR Pharmaceuticals are three potential buyout targets to watch in 2010.
After spending five days in a tree, Buddy the cat was rescued Sunday night.
Hampton said, ``The Vikings need to go down there and hit that town like Katrina.''
A new study of over 600 workers in China suggests that workplace exposure to Bisphenol-A, an organic compound used to make plastics and other products in daily use, is linked to increased risk of erectile dysfunction and other male sexual problems such as difficulty ejaculating and sexual desire.
Target has expanded its recall of Circo child booster seats following more reports of children falling when restraint-buckles unexpectedly opened.
The Emmaus boys and Nazareth girls each won LVC lacrosse titles on Monday night in the rain at Andrew Leh Stadium.
Three area legislators made the conservation honor roll for their votes during the 2006-07 legislative session.
BART ridership hit a new record high on Saturday and was expected to spike again Sunday, the transit agency announced.
A Royal Bengal tigress was shot dead by security forces near Kaziranga National Park in Assam on Monday.
Fire closes Victorian parks and forests Updated: 11:25, Wednesday January 23, 2013 A number of national parks and state forests have been closed in Victoria's northeast after 37 bushwalkers had to be airlifted out because of bushfires.
The British Museum has brought a bit of South Africa to central London with an African landscaped garden in front of the Museum.
Hyperdynamics Corporation has received a non-compliance warning letter from the staff of the NYSE Amex stock exchange concerning the Company's issuance of shares of its common stock on November 16, 2009.
The minimum wage board will sit again on next Monday after visiting a readymade garment factory on Saturday before finalising minimum pay for workers, official sources said.
A solicitor has been jailed for four years for trying to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Number of dengue patients has risen to 7,776 in Punjab, with 7,000 in Lahore alone.
A Swedish atlas was recovered from a New York City gallery years after it was stolen from the Royal Library of Sweden by one of its chief librarians.
Britons now cook a wider range of dishes and spend longer in the kitchen than the French, according to a BBC survey.
Former ABBA star Agnetha Faeltskog is releasing new album 'A' - her first collection of songs for almost 10 years - in May.
Sirius Real Estate has completed the acquisition of Sirius Facilities GmbH and other assets from the interests of Kevin and Frank Oppenheim and the Principle Capital Group.
Rolling Stones rocker Sir Mick Jagger wants to duet with R&B queen Mary J. Blige.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers will be performing live at the Blossom Music Center in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio on June 22 at 7:00 pm.
The independent energy company Apache Corp., based in Houston, says it is buying another Houston-based firm, Mariner Energy, for $2.7 billion to extend its deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
A tragic fireworks accident has put one man in the hospital this 4th of July weekend.
NightHawk Radiology Services , the largest US provider of professional teleradiology services, and Timaq medical imaging Inc., the leading Swiss Imaging CRO announce a strategic alliance to provide unsurpassed medical imaging services for clinical trials.
A Lindsay youth is facing drug charges after the Drug Unit found 35 grams of marijuana and a throwing star when searching a Marknoll Avenue home Friday.
President Barack Obama has declared a major disaster in Minnesota after severe storms, tornadoes and flooding earlier this month.
The pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is in talks to buy rival Wyeth in a merger deal that could be worth $60-billion, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Citigroup has taken over EMI, the music label of The Beatles, Pink Floyd and dozens of other acts, from London private equity firm Terra Firma.
The central Cuban province of Sancti Spiritus has increased production of construction materials for the domestic market and export.
Megasteel Sdn Bhd, a unit of Malaysia's Lion Group, is looking for land to set up a tin ore mining plant in either Malaysia's Pahang or Terengganu states, Lion chairman William Cheng told reporters in Selangor today.
North Port Police have a warning for parents, after they say a man tried to lure children into his van using a puppy as bait.
An angry Angelina Jolie has 'sentenced' Brad Pitt to sleep on the couch after learning that he still smokes pot, sources say.
The four reasons why modern World Series are insignificant greatly involve the New York Yankees.
The Lenovo company is launching its newest ThinkPad laptop, the W700 on Tuesday, and it promises to be one of the most advanced pieces of technology yet to come from Lenovo.
A churchgoer was stunned when she took her Bible to her place of worship and was told it could be worth several thousand pounds.
Theatre for a New Audience has announced selections for its 2011-2012 season, which will be the final one before moving to its first home in the BAM Cultural District.
Great deals at the gas pump may be harder to come by in Wisconsin after minimum markup rules were reinstated.
Mayor Kevin Johnson criticized City Councilman Kevin McCarty Tuesday morning for holding a Friday press conference on the tax situation of the developers of the downtown railyards.
Los Angeles, Aug 21 Walt Disney has announced two new projects, one of them a dinosaurs feature, with CGI production company Pixar.
Iran has been negotiating with other countries to import water into its provinces, that lack it, Khabar Online reported.
Brett Myers pitched into the eighth inning to earn his first win in 2½ months and the Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-1 on Tuesday night.
A PRIMARY school has been placed in special measures after a report criticised the quality of teaching, leadership and achievement of pupils at the school.
On July 4 th , he got a chance to live his ultimate dream of putting on a major league uniform and walking onto that field as a player.
DUMBARTON won the Stirlingshire Cup last night by beating Stenhousemuir 2-0 in the final at the Warriors' Ochilview Park.
British gas prices remain weak today, helped by mild weather which trimmed heating fuel demand and Russian supply reaching Europe via Ukraine for the first time in two weeks.
WELLINGTON picked up their second valuable point in four days with a gutsy display at Dawlish tonight.
The Seattle Seahawks today announced they have hired 52-year-old Mike DeBord as an offensive assistant coach.
The recent developments related to the earthquake and radiation in Japan may affect the equipment supplied to Azerbaijan, the chairman of AZEL board of directors Rasim Ibrahimov said.
AP 11:26 PM Saturday, November 26, 2011 Hometown fighter Adrien Broner won the vacant WBO junior lightweight title Saturday night, stopping Argentina's Vicente Rodriguez in the third round at US Bank Arena.
``I'm not a big party person and I don't like throwing parties at all.
To mark the occasion of his 66th birthday, Bowie released ``Where Are We Now?'' on Tuesday.
The Minnesota Vikings agreed to terms with two draft picks on Tuesday -- fifth-round defensive tackle Letroy Guion and sixth-round receiver Jaymar Johnson.
Canadian travel agents are calling on the government to help clampdown on rogue operators to protect consumers from holiday nightmares.
China is on track to reintroduce the trading of government bond futures, a major financial derivatives instrument banned 17 years ago after a trading scandal, a person familiar with the matter said Thursday.
A Winnipeg Free Press reporter and photographer have been nominated for national journalism awards for an already award-winning series on the lack of clean water and sewage services in the Island Lake region.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Friday that Turkey will be with Libya in meeting needs in all fields, including politics, military, economy, commerce, infrastructure and superstructure.
YEREVAN, Armenia -Armenia beat Belgium 2-1 in a World Cup qualifier on Wednesday, the hosts' first victory in two years.
Women believe that men with deep voices - like the late Barry White - are more likely to cheat Men with deep voices are more likely to cheat on their partners, women believe.
A US judge granted German homeschoolers asylum in January after ruling they faced persecution in Germany, where the practice is punishable with fines or imprisonment.
MID-CONTINENT OIL & GAS STANDARD OIL OF BC's MID-CONTINENT No. 4 reached the Taber sand about 3,260 ft, made a drill-stem test with bottom 13 ft in the sand at 3,273 ft, and obtained a 214 foot rise of crude oil and drill fluid.
Aug 8 - Dish Network Corp, the second-largest satellite TV operator in the United States, posted a lower quarterly profit.
North India will continue to shiver by extreme cold weather by 6th Feb 2013 For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
Agriculture will be ``dramatically'' affected by climate change, says the paper, published by the International Food Policy Research Institute.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit China from Feb. 20 to 22, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu announced here Tuesday.
European champions Spain beat 10-man Chile 2-1 on Friday to finish top of Group H and qualify for the last 16 of the World Cup.
Joaquin Phoenix had such a good time being Paul Thomas Anderson's monkey in The Master that he's close to signing on to doing it all over again, this time as the star of Anderson's Inherent Vice.
Bubba Smith - the Michigan State football All-American who went on to an All-Pro NFL career with the Baltimore Colts, Oakland Raiders and Houston Oilers, then a successful acting and endorsement career - has passed away in Los Angeles.
A Minnesota man says police invaded his privacy when they entered his home to remind him to keep his doors closed and locked.
Democracy can't be forced -- one can only do everything in one's power to help develop what I call a ``home-grown'' democracy, specific to a country and its people, Labour MP George Vella tells our sister newspaper in an interview appearing in tomorrow's issue.
Keith Olbermann has left MSNBC, anchoring his last 'Countdown With Keith Olbermann' on the news network Friday evening.
Filming has begun on Baz Luhrmann's 3D drama The Great Gatsby at Sydney's Fox Studios.
DENVER -The Colorado Rockies have acquired infielder Jose Lopez from the Seattle Mariners for right-hander Chaz Roe.
Sahara India Pariwar acquired the iconic Grosvenor House hotel in London for 470 million pounds.
India-based telecommunications company Tata Communications has launched an international cloud services business unit, based in Singapore.
The value stocks will make a comeback as the economy and earnings improve, said Robert Doll, vice chairman and global CIO of equities at BlackRock.
Founders of Patni Computer Systems Ltd have sold 3,83,000 shares in the company through open market sale, the company said in a communique to the National Stock Exchange today.
Flutteroo is delighted to announce that it is launching into North America and bringing its unique blend of fun, entertaining shopping and online auctions to this new market.
British researchers have found that young women preparing for intense careers are more apt than others to consider freezing their eggs to reduce later infertility risk.
Iron ore prices dropped below $150 a tonne on Monday for the first time in two months as the physical market was ``desperately short of buyers'', according to a senior broker.
The eastern European gaming industry is leading the way when it comes to new ideas and liberalisation, according to Matjaz Petek, marketing and sales manager at Slovenian games manufacturer Alfastreet.
Jags CB Rashean Mathis confirmed that he is fully recovered from last year's sprained MCL.
Darbhanga, Aug 19 An undertrial prisoner died today in a hospital in Bihar's Darbhanga district hours after he had attemped suicide in the jail premises, a prison official said.
The Cardinals announced their 2010 TV schedule on Wednesday.
At the same time, a consensus is emerging that ultimately the conflict cannot be solved by military means.
Plans for turkey producer Bernard Matthews to build a wind turbine faces objections from the Ministry of Defence and the National Trust.
Search Engine Optimization services indeed to get your business in the right way by cutting the stiff competition aside so get the best search engine optimization services through outsourcing.
Bonds prices ended lower in anticipation of government securities auctions slated later in the week, while rupee pared all earlier gains to end at 51.49 against the dollar, 9 paise weaker than Monday's close.
A jury was seated today for the trial of a man accused of imprisoning homeless women in his Mead Valley residence and forcing them to perform sex acts, occasionally drugging them to facilitate the alleged assaults.
Hollywood star and Beverly Hills resident Jennifer Jones turns 90 this week.
Persian Gulf stock markets are seen mixed Thursday as investors remain cautious on the global outlook, after the Federal Reserve's downbeat assessment of the US economy.
An Air India relief plane has left for India with all the stranded passengers onboard a New Dehli bound flight that made emergency landing in Nawabshah today, FP News Desk reported.
New Delhi, March 24 India reiterated Saturday that it did the right thing by voting for a US resolution at the UN Human Rights Council that asked Sri Lanka to do more to rehabilitate its minority Tamils because devolution of power to them ``is not moving forward''.
Jamey Carroll fields a grounder off the bat of Dustin Pedroia and flips to second to starts a double play in the top of the seventh
The Egyptian cabinet will be reshuffled by the end of the week, a state-run newspaper reported.
Nick Cannon paid tribute to his ``hero'' Mariah Carey at the BET Honors Awards.
FIFA has warned Iran against executions in stadiums, said president of Iran Football Federation Ali Kaffashian, APA reports.
Affluent women in the South are more likely to die from breast cancer than those with more disadvantaged lifestyles, a study has found.
A 45-year-old Deltona man died in a single-vehicle crash Saturday night, Volusia County Sheriff's Office said.
Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee was fired Wednesday, after facing much criticism regarding his handling of the Trayvon Martin case.
A crash in Duluth's East Hillside Wednesday afternoon sent a motorcyclist to an area hospital.
Six workers who were pulling carpet from the band room at Northwest High School were treated Friday night for carbon monoxide poisoning after failing to properly ventilate the area they were working in.
An 18-year-old man is accused of stealing thousands of dollars from a church.
Just $1200 to go to reach our goal of raising $5000 for the Buddy Walk.
Deputies said a 19-year-old woman said she was drugged and repeatedly raped at a home on Atrium Circle.
Air China officially launched direct daily rotations between Beijing and Lhasa on December 15, the first time that direct scheduled flights between the two cities are available.
After speaking at a Plano Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Texas, Perry told the Dallas-Fort Worth CBS affiliate that he would give a possible 2016 presidential run ``a good examination.''
This databook is a detailed information resource covering all the key data points on Dried Food market at a regional level.
They are not cute and cuddly, but the smalltooth sawfish is getting more federal protection in Southwest Florida waters.
Tim Howard believes Everton have ``a lot to aim for'' this season, with the club in the fifth round of the FA Cup and still in with a chance of a top-four finish in the Premier League.
Andry Rajoelina, transitional president of Madagascar, insisted in a newspaper interview on Monday that he had popular support and refused to bow to pressure for snap elections.
The government intends to increase social payments to families with children, Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov told today's Cabinet session, ForUm correspondent reports.
Former White house press secretary Robert Gibbs won Monday night's Jeopardy! showdown against CNN's Lizzie O'Leary and MSNBC's Chris Matthews, scoring $50,000 for his favorite charity, the Pine Hills Literacy Project.
AFTER years of high drama Australian rock band The Vines is getting back on the road.
Animal control officers search the area around the Jackson Zoo for stray dogs that may have killed a zoo animal.
Obama pays $112K in income tax after making $609K with his wife, Michelle Obama, in 2012.
A court in England has fined hotel owners Peter and Hazelmary Bullfor refusing a gay couple a double room, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
Cowboys tight end Jason Witten says he was a better player with Terrell Owens on the field.
Specialist plastics packaging technology business Petainer www.petainer.com) has developed its 'greenest ever' refillable bottle -- further improving the sustainability of what is already one of the most environmentally-friendly forms of beverage packaging.
Three separate times, Couric tried to elicit a response from Palin about which specific newspapers she reads.
The US embassy in Yemen reopened on Tuesday, an embassy official said, a day after Yemeni forces killed two al Qaeda militants they said were behind a threat that forced US and European missions to close.
Rep. Peter T. King, Chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security delivers an opening statement at a full committee hearing entitled: ``Iran, Hezbollah, and the Threat to the Homeland.''
Popular file sharing and cloud storage service Dropbox has been blocked tonight by Google for hosting malware.
A British judge ruled against Exxon Mobil Corp. on Tuesday, tossing out an order to freeze $12 billion in assets belonging to Venezuela's state oil company in a case that stemmed from the nationalization of
Britons are typically draining their savings by £100 a month to cover household bills and 'back to school' costs, according to new research.
Justin Bieber will begin his 2013 ``Believe'' tour in San Diego this summer, according to live entertainment company AEG Live.
Nippon Paper plans to buy all shares in Australian Paper from parent PaperlinX Ltd by May.
IBM has confirmed that it will ship servers next week containing the world's fastest production processor.
Chris Brown has withdrawn his name from the Kids' Choice awards ballot, saying that the controversy over his suitability had ``shifted the focus from the music''.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has insisted he doesn't have to apologise to anyone, not even his family, in his latest response to the scandals surrounding his association with young women.
Mumbai Backed by a strong credit demand mainly in the auto segment, private sector lender, HDFC Bank disbursed Rs 3,000 crore of retail loans in October.
DENVER ― The sandwich chain Quiznos says it plans to develop up to 600 new stores nationwide by the end of the year.
US housing starts surged to a 1-1/2 year high in November and permits for future construction were the highest since March 2010 as demand for rental apartments rose, offering hope for the weak housing market.
Two MCA students were killed in a road accident at Balapur crossroads in LB Nagar on Monday morning.
Lian Li has announced two new cases that will be part of the Q Series, the PC-Q12 and PC-Q18.
Valentino Rossi made a happy return to the front row for the first time since his mid-season injury today, with a brilliant display in an entertaining Motegi qualifying session.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being treated in a hospital for asthma after he had difficulty breathing, said a spokesman, Michael Drewniak.
Cuba will give priority to the technical and professional education in the next academic year to begin in September, as a way to contribute to the process of changes in the economy and society.
``Nariman Tuleev caused $1.4M damage to Bishkek when he was mayor,'' said chief of Crime Cases Investigation Department at General Prosecutor's Office Zhanybek Saliev on today's meeting with journalists.
Universal American Corp. said on Monday that it has agreed to reinsure substantially all of its in force life insurance and annuity business with Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Co., a Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. subsidiary.
PKR vice president Chua Tian Chang was denied entry into Sabah here this morning.
The Wall Street Journal writes that Amazon.com is launching an email marketing service, Amazon Simple Email Service.
R.Novruzov/ Azerbaijan's independent political scientists believe Armenian community is not ripe enough to impact country's current situation.
The first widget, released today, comes pre-packaged with ads and operates within any site or blog-hosting service.
BoA will be holding her first solo concert in Korea on January 26 at the Seoul Olympic Stadium for her ``BoA Special Live 2013 Here I Am'' concert.
Citigroup upgraded FXCM Inc. to neutral from sell and maintained its $11.25 price target.
Oil prices held steady Wednesday in Asia after falling back from a record near $127 a barrel in the previous session on concerns Iran may consider cutting oil production.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery Thursday for pancreatic cancer, raising the possibility that one of the ideologically divided court's leading liberals - and its only woman - might have to curtail her work or even step down before she had planned.
Governor Sule Lamido has sworn in 15 new commissioners as members of the state executive council.
Galatasaray striker Didier Drogba has hit out at racist Fenerbahce fans who bombarded him and fellow Ivorian Emmanuel Eboue with monkey chants during the two sides meeting last weekend.
Two-time Pro Bowl defensive end Osi Umenyiora feels he is close to returning to the New York Giants' lineup but is uncertain whether he will be able to play this weekend against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Bulgarian police, the FBI and Interpol are struggling to identify a suicide bomber who killed six people, including five Israelis, as the US said the attack bore the ``hallmarks'' of Hezbollah.
The Tampa Tribune Four more sinkholes opened today around the eastern Hillsborough area already pocked with depressions after groundwater levels plunged as berry farmers pumped millions of gallons to protect their crops.
Auditions for the new girl band being put together by Louis Walsh and Kian Egan are due to get underway in Dublin today.
There is no information about Bulgarian citizens injured during the riots in Moldova, Bulgaria's ambassador extraordinary and envoy plenipotentiary in Moldova Nikolay Iliev told Focus News Agency.
Iran tested its most advanced missiles yesterday to cap two days of war games, raising more international concern and stronger pressure to quickly come clean on the newly revealed nuclear site Tehran was secretly constructing.
Erie Community College is not waiting for violence to strike.
A North Dakota energy company plans to build two new natural gas processing plants northwest of Williston.
Massive flooding has prompted Fort McMurray, AB, to declare a state of emergency.
China's State Council today announced the second batch of national network convergence trial cities, totaling 42 cities.
This week in AOA was brought to you by cupcakes, presents, fried truffled mac & cheese balls, the number 5 and cupcakes.
A Rancho Palos Verdes woman who owned and operated a boarding care facility for mentally disabled adults pleaded guilty Thursday to tax fraud, according to the Internal Revenue Service.
Todd A. Smith has joined Smith Barney as a Financial Advisor.
Islamabad, June 4 Pakistani forces have consolidated their hold in Swat in the country's restive northwest, the military said Thursday as its anti-Taliban operations entered their 41st day.
Kenya has agreed to host the southern hemisphere oil and gas secretariat, to support new producers manage fossil fuel resources effectively.
An Australian man has been shot dead at a holiday resort near the Philippines capital of Manila.
Swiss banking giant UBS has cut its global growth forecast, citing the European debt crisis and the deteriorating macro indicators as reasons for the move.
Asian stock markets have partly recovered on the heels of the government's 85 billion dollar plan to bail out troubled insurance giant American International Group.
Housing loans in Bulgaria became more accessible even as the freefall on the domestic real estate market continued for a third year in a row, according to a report in daily Presa on January 10 2012.
Just like it found the lost city of Atlantis, Google Earth has now supposedly found the Loch Ness monster according to a bored security guy looking through images of on mapping software.
Uganda is to host another Commonwealth meeting, this time for judges and Magistrates.
Gould says Panthers have no details Updated: 10:21, Tuesday February 12, 2013 Penrith boss Phil Gould says he hasn't been provided with any details on how the NRL club is implicated in the Australian Crime Commission's investigation into drugs and corruption.
Paris, Oct 5 The difficulties the French have in pronouncing the letter ``h'' landed the country's foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, in hot water.Israeli media quoted the minister as saying Israel ``will eat'' Iran if the Islamic Republic gained possession of nuclear weapons, prompting Kouchner's office to issue a statement of clarification Sunday.
Today, we present ``Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus,'' as it first appeared in the New York Sun in 1897:
Spanish airline Iberia has confirmed it will resume its flights to Croatia, with the first service due to arrive in Dubrovnik this week.
The mercury has crossed the 46 degree Celsius mark for the first time this summer in Chhattisgarh with the city of Bilaspur recording 46.1 degrees, while the capital Raipur and other major towns recorded temperatures of around 45 degrees.
Greece's former prime minister George Papandreou said Sunday that Europe faced a make or break moment, adding that the euro currency's problems went far deeper than those of his own country, AFP reported.
If you live in an air-conditioned home, drive an air-conditioned vehicle and spend much of your day in an air-conditioned office, you might not know just how hot it was Wednesday.
The 4-year-old daughter of legendary boxer Mike Tyson is on life support and listed in ``extremely critical condition'' after she was found hanging from a treadmill cable at their Phoenix home.
When she was nine days old, Carlina White was taken to Harlem Hospital for a fever.
British No.1 Andy Murray insists he is happy to play anywhere as he looks to secure the Wimbledon title.
The city of Chattanooga, facing a possible Georgia land grab as part of an effort to get access to the Tennessee River, is sending a truck load of bottled water to Atlanta.
The Boston Celtics say they're not actively trying to trade point guard Rajon Rondo.
Brian Vitori became the first Zimbabwean to take five wickets on his one-day international debut as the home side restricted Bangladesh to 184 all-out at the Harare Sports Club on Friday in the first of five contests between the two teams.
Insolvent US newsprint maker AbitibiBowater says it desperately needs a cash infusion from debtor financing after losing $2.2 billion last year.
A Montana Highway Patrol trooper was hospitalized in critical condition Tuesday, a day after being injured in a head-on crash on US Highway 93 south of Kalispell.
Gibraltar is set to overhaul its fund industry by scrapping rules that limit the scope of investment vehicles.
ZeroUI, developer of gesture applications, platforms and interfaces for 3D camera enabled devices such as Microsoft Kinect, is unveiling world´s first gesture based hands free 3D modeling technology at the Techcrunch Disrupt Conference in San Francisco on Monday, September 10, 2012.
Sunflower Market has agreed to pay $125,310 in back wages to workers in New Mexico and three other states.
UIL Holdings Corporation today received approval from the Department of Public Utility Control on its acquisition of Connecticut based gas distribution companies --
After rumors of dishonest behavior by Ryan Phillippe, actress Abbie Cornish finally broke up with him after 2years of relationship, asserted the spokesperson of the actress to People.
Linebacker Daryl Smith, the Jaguars' franchise leader in tackles, officially became an ex-Jacksonville player today when he signed with the Baltimore Ravens.
Two people were killed in a one-vehicle rollover crash on Interstate 90 west of near Drummond.
Topps Tiles offered investors the first glimmer of hope in more than a year when it reported an uptick in trading in April and early May, following a difficult six months of declining revenues and profits.
Anthem Blue Cross announced on Monday that it will fully cover the administration of the H1N1 vaccine without co-pay or deductible for all health plan members.
Yahoo is seeking to restart merger talks with AOL as a means of defending itself against an unsolicited bid approach from Microsoft , the Times said on Monday.
French tyre maker Michelin reported a bounce back into profit in the first half, forecast robust margins for the year and said its markets should continue to recover.
Slovenia wants the EU to protect coastal fishing in order to protect its small fishing fleet, Agriculture Minister Milan Pogacnik told the press at the side of a meeting of the EU Agriculture and Fisheries Council in Brussels on Monday.
A businesswoman was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen in the southern Philippines, a regional military spokesman said Friday.
The Government has halved its operating deficit, excluding gains and losses, to $9.2 billion in the year to the end of June.
Derby County manager Paul Jewell says he is optimistic about his future at the club despite the fact they have not won a league game for almost a year.
The UK has taken steps to expel five Libyan diplomats, Foreign Secretary William Hague has said.
Public sector workers are set to go on strike tomorrow in a national row over pensions and pay.
An Orangeburg man wanted for outstanding warrants was arrested after a standoff in the city, Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell said.
The Lok Sabha on Friday deferred a discussion on the multi-crore Satyam scam following a request from Leader of the Opposition LK Advani.
Rafael Cabrera-Bello of Spain held a one-stroke clubhouse lead at the fog-delayed Avantha Masters after shooting a 3-under 69 Friday despite two bogeys in his final three holes.
A former Albemarle County school employee is facing child sex charges.
Popular former French president Jacques Chirac was convicted of graft on Thursday but escaped jail when he was handed a two-year suspended sentence for running ghost workers at Paris city hall.
A study conducted by Abu Dhabi Food Control Authority found that Ajman water is not meeting local and international standards.
Republican US Senate candidate Rand Paul broke his recent silence with a friendly interview on conservative talk radio, weeks after his negative comments about the US Civil Rights Act set off a political firestorm.
Two people were killed and three wounded in an armed attack on cash collectors in Moscow on Tuesday, the capital's law enforcement agency told Itar-Tass.
Telmap announced that it will be adding Lonely Planet content to its location-based solution offering.
David Beckham is the celebrity most people would like to confide in if they had a problem, according to a survey.
The parent company of the Rome News-Tribune on Tuesday filed Chapter 11 reorganization in United States Bankruptcy Court in the Northern District of Georgia.
The Brazilian real opened weaker against the dollar Monday, after economists and analysts reduced their forecasts for the country's inflation rate this year for the second consecutive week.
The Nationals will avoid arbitration with left-handed starting pitcher John Lannan after agreeing on a one-year contract worth $2.75 million, according to a major league source.
India voted along with Iran, Saudi Arabia and China in opposing a resolution in the United Nations for a moratorium on the death penalty, but the proposal received support from a majority of nations.
New ideas have surfaced recently that suggests supermarkets should be arranged differently, if authorities are seriously going to address the problem of growing obesity.
Moscow, June 25 - Gazprom could contribute a major gas field in Russia to a joint venture with Ukraine's Naftogaz, Gazprom chief Alexei Miller told a press conference following the company's AGM.
Housing starts showed signs of life in January, rising to their highest level in seven months, according to Commerce Department data released Wednesday.
Microsoft is planning to launch new wireless internet networks to be deployed on unused television spectrum in the US.
Police in Atlanta say a man was defending himself when he shot and killed a suspected robber on Christmas Eve.
BC-USTony Awards Host,0081 Neil Patrick Harris set to host Tony Awards show Eds:
The Washington Post Company announced on Wednesday that it will be selling Newsweek magazine, which it has owned since 1961.
American comedian actor, Seth Rogen is officially engaged to Lauren Miller, who is said to be his long time girlfriend.
Lawrence Guyot, a civil rights leader who survived jailhouse beatings in the Deep South in the 1960s and went on to encourage generations to get involved in various causes, has died outside Washington, DC at the age of 73.
Somali forces stormed a hijacked ship in the Gulf of Aden for the second time on Tuesday and safely freed 11 crew members and captured 10 pirates after a failed rescue attempt on Sunday.
``Naftohaz Ukrainy, following prime minister's order, today in the morning resumed gas supplies to Kyivenerho,'' said a spokesperson for the press service.
The 104-year old company that makes Etch A Sketch is launching a new politics-themed ad campaign after making headlines nationwide last week when an aide for Mitt Romney compared his election campaign to the toy.
The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,339.30 on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, up 53.21 points or 0.47 per cent.
Short selling of UK bank stocks will resume next week without a return to the extreme volatility which forced the government to intervene last year, but investors say the sector could stay under a cloud for some time yet.
A man seriously burned in Fleming County house fire on Nov. 9 died around 10 pm Tuesday, and the Kentucky State Police are calling the fire that took his life suspicious.
Darwin marks 70th bombing anniversary Updated: 20:40, Sunday February 19, 2012 The bombing of Darwin by Japanese aircraft 70 years ago was Australia's darkest day, Prime Minister Julia Gillard says.
Fiji has resumed its pawpaw exports to New Zealand and Australia after months of suspension.
A child was injured in a school bus crash this morning in Philadelphia's Port Richmond section.
Ten days ahead of the Copenhagen climate summit, China has, for the first time, announced a target to limit the growth of its greenhouse gas emissions.
UFC heavyweight fighter Alistair Overeem has been charged with misdemeanor battery in Las Vegas after police say he shoved a woman in the face at a Las Vegas Strip casino.
China will release corn and rice from state reserves to help tame inflation and reduce imports as the worst US drought in half a century pushes corn prices to global records, creating fears of a world food crisis.
HE'S yet to kick a goal and is no certainty to play any given week, but Geelong veteran Cameron Mooney will stand up when it counts, his coach says.
Retailer of women's clothing Christopher & Banks Corporation announced on Wednesday a cash dividend of USD0.06 per share for the quarter.
Senator Benigno Aquino, the son of the President Corazon Aquino, is taking a strong lead in the Philippine presidential election count on Wednesday, said he is going to address quickly his promises in investigating the outgoing administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.
NASCAR team owner Richard Childress released a statement earlier today in response to the announcement made by Shell Oil Company that they will leave RCR at the end of 2010 and move to the Penske organization.
Human remains have been found in a shack in Kin Kin, WA, where a bushfire was burning.
As per reports, Kat was seen spending quality time at the Cancer Patients Aid Association in Bandra, Mumbai.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has arrived in North Korea on a highly anticipated state visit.
Former telecom minister A. Raja wants to join the 2G debate in Parliament.
Six men have been charged in the attack on a 17-year-old boy at the intersection of Mechanicsville and Church School roads in Buckingham on April 9.
Miller Homes, celebrating their 75th year this year, are in the party mood.
Bet365 has a superb streaming service that will be showing the Cronulla Sharks v Canterbury Bulldogs game live from 03 July 2010.
In an interview Thursday reflecting on his first year in office, Dayton told KARE 11 he laments the lack of a hard stadium bill deadline.
Severe weather has struck Asia causing damage in the Philippines, Japan and China.
Joe Diffie will record a live album at one of country music's top venues, Billy Bob's Texas in Ft. Worth, Texas, Friday, Aug. 8.
The Slovenian Logar family has adopted the three-and-half-month-old bear cub that strolled into their yard about 30 days ago.
Kara DioGuardi has confirmed that she will return as a judge on Fox's ``American Idol.''
Energy Minister Jebran Bassil said Friday Lebanon was moving quickly on the Lebanese-Israeli maritime border issue.
Edmonton set a Grey Cup record by selling all the tickets within a week of putting them on sale, starting on June 1.
An Army reserve center in western Pennsylvania has been renamed for the late US Rep. John Murtha.
Chattanooga police investigate their second incident this week involving a pedestrian struck by a train.
Brazil has approved the international airport concessions of Galeão, in Rio de Janeiro city, and Confins near Minas Gerais state capital Belo Horizonte.
The great HTC executive exodus of 2013 continues, as the company has confirmed Chief Product Officer Kouji Kodera has left the smartphone maker.
A 34-year-old man was found dead early this morning near Alter and West Fourth streets in Hazleton, city police said.
Jared Followill, the bassist for Kings of Leon, is engaged to his model girlfriend Martha Patterson.
THE historic Toowoomba eisteddfod is set to continue with the expected election of singing teacher Elaine Coates as president at tonight's reconvened annual general meeting.
The City of Gig Harbor finalized an $870,000 purchase of waterfront property near Gig Harbor bay, and city officials contend it could be a future destination for a maritime pier.
St. Joseph Medical Center will open a location in the Heights within the next few weeks, citing requests from community members and physicians as the reason for expanding.
Zac Efron has left Australia, and looked boho chic in a beanie hat and sunglasses.
Billionaire Warren Buffett has given away 512,169 class B shares of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. stock to charitable foundations in keeping with his plan to give away the bulk of his fortune.
Jordan banned husband Peter Andre from having sex with her while she battled postnatal depression, she has revealed.
Security deployment for the October Commonwealth Games in New Delhi has been deferred for a third time because of delays in the completion of venues, raising alarm among government officials and security agencies.
An Israel tank briefly entered Lebanese territory Thursday to investigate what Israeli troops thought was suspicious activity by villagers in the area, a Lebanese army source said, DPA reported.
A woman has bitten a police officer on the thumb as she was arrested in Brisbane's south, police say.
Bharatiya Janata Party Mahila Morcha President Smriti Irani has said that the Morcha managed to carve out a separate identity in the country as far as the women's welfare was concerned.
IndiGo on April 29 launched six more new flights from Mumbai, Goa, Hyderabad and Kolkata, increasing its daily flights to 131, reports Economic Times.
``Yes, I still want to be Miss India and then win the international pageant.
Credit card spending rose slightly in the second quarter of the year.
Auburn now advances to the semifinals to play Olean at noon today in Wellsville.
Hurricane Tomas lashed Haiti with heavy rains and wind early on Friday and threatened renewed disaster as leaders of the quake-hit nation called for mass evacuations from tent cities.
Brownell has acquired Airmark compressors, the London-based manufacturer that has been trading for 30 years.
USA Today, the largest US newspaper, filled two top executive positions Tuesday by naming David Hunke as publisher and John Hillkirk as editor.
Rick Santorum announced at a press conference in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that he was ending his presidential campaign.
By David Vergun, Army News Service President Barack Obama announced March 11 that Army Chaplain, Emil J. Kapaun will be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor April 11 for his actions leading up to his capture as a prisoner of war in North Korea.
Police say it is a miracle a 9 year-old girl was not killed when a clandestine drug lab exploded two metres from where she was having a bath.
Miley Cyrus appeared on David Letterman show to talk about ``can't be Tamed,'' beside other things.
Arkansas basketball coach John Pelphrey and his wife are starting a foundation to benefit children's charities with an emphasis on neonatal care.
An off-duty Newark firefighter was arrested on drug charges, after an investigation revealed he was allegedly distributing marijuana in the city's Ironbound section, officials said Friday.
Texas Tech beat Oklahoma State 81-74 in Lubbock, Texas on Saturday afternoon.
Reuters reported that Portuguese paper and pulp maker Altri will spin off steel unit F Ramada, offering shareholders one share of the new company for every four Altri shares they own.
Israel is defending new construction in disputed east Jerusalem against criticism from Palestinians, the US and the EU, noting that Israel has never agreed to halt building there.
Britain could introduce a third gender category to British passports allowing citizens of indeterminate sex to opt out of standard male and female identification, a Home Office official said yesterday.
The National Weather Service confirmed two tornadoes touched down in four counties as several lines of thunderstorms moved through the mid-state Monday.
Maoists calls on 48-hour bandh in Orissa, other 7 states starting on Monday.
Those who long for the good old days may be chasing a dream, says a new United Nations report, which shows the world has become healthier, wealthier and better educated over the last four decades, with dramatic gains in poor countries.
The city of Eustis is looking for 100 volunteers to help complete a survey of its business community.
The Chicago Bears are offering great long shot odds to win Super Bowl 45 online betting this season.
After taking out some of his pent up aggression on fellow NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver Brad Keselowski during Sunday's Kobalt Tools 500, resulting in the No. 12 car taking wing and slamming into the retaining wall and track surface with its roof, NASCAR has put Carl Edwards on probation for three races.
``I have a chance to play and prove myself. It's been a longtime dream of mine. It's unbelievable in my opinion. I'm excited, and I'm emotionally on a high.''
Videogame giant Nintendo Co said its full-year net profit plunged 66.1 per cent on a strong yen and a global sales slump as the release of its 3-D console came too late to give a boost.
Fears regarding Dean Shiels' ankle injury have been eased, with it confirmed that he has suffered no break.
A new Government headed by Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung made its debut in the capital city yesterday.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Cynosure since the stock closed above $11.00.
Fewer students are working while going to school, says the latest release from Statistics Canada.
The Magpies moved into the top five of the Group 2 competition with a win over the Coffs Harbour Comets on Sunday at the Graveyard.
In a move that takes a ``massive shot'' at Netflix, Amazon is quietly rolling out an instant video streaming service for its Prime customers in the US, the Silicon Alley Insider reports.
Deutsche Bank is raising estimates on Robert Half following earnings last night.
The Indian Navy and Coast Guard Tuesday intercepted a runaway Panamanian merchant ship that had slipped out of Mumbai Port Monday after defaulting on a cargo delivery despite taking part payment, officials said.
Deputies raise hands during a voting on the so-called ``smoking bill'' during a session of the Duma, Russia's lower house of Parliament, in Moscow January 25, 2013.
The Allegheny County Airport Authority, which operates Pittsburgh International, is voluntarily participating in an energy conservation project called PJM Demand Response program to aid in the reliability of the regional electric grid.
Method Man is planning to sue rap group ICP after being cut on the face at the Gathering of the Juggalos festival this past weekend.According eyewitness accounts, fans started pelting the artist with objects during a performance with Redman, at which point Method Man was hit in the face with a full beer can.Although the rapper still managed to perform with a wound that was visibly bleeding, the rapper came out yesterday and said ``I'm suing those motherf**kers!''
Abbey is to cut its two-year tracker and flexible mortgage rates by 0.1 per cent following the government's move to ease the credit crunch.
State troopers used an electronic control device to disable a 60-year-old man who threatened them with a knife Tuesday at a Town of Nichols home.
Brad Pitt comforted a suicidal fan following a special screening of his new movie 'Moneyball'.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has announced her plans to run in the 2010 presidential elections, insisting she would win.
After testing the feature out for months, Facebook is rolling out threaded replies and comments for Pages and Profiles with more than 10,000 followers.
He is officially attached to star in and produce The President Stole My Girlfriend, a comedy newly picked up by Warner Bros.
It is being reported that contrary to popular belief, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Jamie Kennedy are not engaged.
New Delhi, July 14 Concerned over skilled manpower crunch in the mining sector, a government panel has suggested increasing number of seats in mining courses in IITs etc besides introducing specialised courses to support its growth with projected 10.60 lakh employment in the space by 2017.
The former Felicity star talks to ParentDish about motherhood -- and explains why she's the ``opposite of cool.''
Peanut butter brand Sun-Pat has been re-launched in a lightweight ``glass clear'' PET jar manufactured by RPC Containers Blackburn.
A local volunteer fireman was arrested Thursday morning and charged with indecent behavior with a juvenile after investigators learned of several inappropriate, sexually explicit communications between him and a 15-year-old juvenile.
India took an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match here Thursday, beating England by five wickets in the third One-day International.
A CITY homeless shelter has been branded ``not fit for purpose'' in a damning county council report which criticises the centre's management as ineffective.
Ontario's Independent Electricity System Operator announced that wind power generation in Ontario has increased by more than 60% in 2009 when compared to the wind power generated during the year 2008.
A 51-year-old woman was injured in a two-vehicle accident on Mortimer Line Road near South Lakeshore Road on Tuesday.
TAUNTON are looking to put the ``icing on the cake'' after sealing the South West Two West title at the weekend, with three matches still to play.
Nepal Maoist chief Prachanda has ruled out the possibility of his party turning its back on the democratic transition in the country even if it performs poorly in the crucial April constituent assembly polls, saying ``we will still respect the verdict of the masses.''
A school bus collided with a pickup truck at the intersection of 8th and Jackson streets in Anderson Monday morning shortly before 7 am
A review of road markings in South Tyneside has been ordered, after it emerged some loading bays are 20cm too narrow.
President Bush signed a massive housing bill intended to provide mortgage relief for 400,000 struggling homeowners and stabilize financial markets.
The first pictures of the 22 children from Belgium and the Netherlands killed in a bus crash in Switzerland during a skiing trip have been released after parents and relatives began the heart-breaking task of identifying the victims.
Seattle-based SEOmoz said today that it has updated Open Site Explorer, the firm's free tool for analyzing the site optimization of web sites.
A roadside bomb killed four Iraqi soldiers north of Baghdad on Friday, security and medical officials said a day after 33 people were killed in attacks mainly targeting the security forces.
Nigeria has reaffirmed its support for Libya's Transitional Council, in spite of being absent at a UN General Assembly that allowed the former rebels to represent the people of Libya at the world body.
Malta and the US signed a double taxation agreement on Friday, ending 11 years of efforts by successive US Ambassadors, albeit this needs to be ratified by the Senate before coming into force.
A 37-year-old Minnesota man was charged Tuesday in federal court and accused of running a $190 million Ponzi scheme, US Attorney B. Todd Jones said.
South Africa's intelligence services are to engage members of civil society in a series of public outreach lectures.
A large former industrial building on Milwaukee's north side is being converted into apartments, an $11.7 million project to be completed by October.
Sotheby's has announced a 10 per cent decline in auction sales from 5 billion dollars in 2011 to 4.5 billion dollars last year.
American pastor Terry Jones, who had threatened Saturday to burn copies of the Quran left Friday for New York where he hopes to meet the imam who wants to build a mosque near Ground Zero, said one of his friends in Gainesville, Florida.
Mumbai, Nov 28 Terror attacks in Mumbai will impact capital flows in the short term, ICICI Bank Managing Director & CEO KV Kamath said here.
A top Indian cricket board official denied on Monday that India would pull out of the Champions Trophy if the ICC told its ethics committee to look into the controversial selection of Laxman Sivaramakrishnan to its cricket committee.
9 to 5 hoops will host eight-week basketball clinics in the Zanesville and Tri-Valley areas.
A teenager who repeatedly stabbed an 18-year-old in the face with a knife faces lengthy detention at a young offenders' institution after he admitted the attack.
Bhopal: 4 infants die and 17 ill following anti-measles and tetanus vaccination: 4 infants die and 17 ill following tetanus and anti-measles vaccination at Anganwadi centres in Damoh, Madhya Pradesh.
Barry Ferguson has been stripped of the Rangers captaincy and dropped along with goalkeeper Allan McGregor as a result of the pair's drinking session while with the Scotland national team.
India and Pakistan decided on October 14 to mutually relax visa rules in what government representatives are dubbing ``a new era of bilateral relations.''
Kotaku are picking up on an announcement that 7 million Wiis have now been sold in Japan.
It is now being reported that the substance found in the five Jamaican athletes who tested positive at the National Championships in June is methylhexanamine and not methylxanthine, which was previously reported.
President Barack Obama in his State of the Union address Tuesday night will announce that 34,000 US troops will return from Afghanistan by this time next year, according to a senior administration official.
The city of Great Falls landed several state basketball and softball tournaments for the 2013-14 school year, the Montana High School Association announced Tuesday.
Witnesses testified in the trial of former Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz as his lawyers waited in Jordan for permission to defend their client.
The Marist College softball team split a doubleheader with visiting Canisius on Saturday, falling to the visiting Golden Griffins in the opener, 2-0, before earning the win in the nightcap, 3-2.
WA bushfire destroys property Updated: 07:52, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Residents in Esperance, on Western Australia's south coast, have been put on a downgraded Watch and Act alert, after a fire raging in the area was finally contained by firefighters.
Rocky Horror Picture Show star Tim Curry has suffered a major stroke, news outlets are reporting.
The new Ford Focus ST is now available to order from £21,995 for the entry-level 'ST-1' model, with delivery in September 2012.
Michael Lohan says he has called a truce with daughter Lindsay Lohan and her girlfriend Sam Ronson.
Intertek USA Inc. has alerted the Texas Workforce Commission that it will lay off some 63 workers in Houston beginning in October.
The School Management Association is concerned with the Education Ministry's comment that school managements should not interfere with schools administration work.
Two people and pets escaped a west Omaha house fire Wednesday night that caused almost $300,000 in damages.
Rockwell Diamonds Inc. has appointed two new independent directors to its board.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert came under pressure from his own party on Thursday to immediately step aside after the attorney-general announced he was considering indicting him on fraud and bribery charges.
An Oakdale man is charged with receiving stolen property for allegedly trying to pawn about $6,450 worth of items that were stolen from an Oakdale home.
An engineering student of a private college was arrested in this Haryana district for allegedly raping his Dalit classmate, police said on Sunday.
Caterpillar Inc., the biggest maker of construction equipment, will cut executive pay as much as 50 percent and suspend merit increases for management and support staff to trim costs amid turmoil in the credit and financial markets.
Sun Pharma may slip to Rs 430, says Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush.
Former Conservative MP Rahim Jaffer is giving up on his political ambitions for now, after Tory sources said he was effectively shut out of the nomination process in his Edmonton riding.
Sterling was set for a record weekly gain against the euro and its biggest advance versus the dollar since 1985 as the Bank of England slowed the pace of interest-rate cuts.
LEKStroy placed the second issue of bonds in the volume of 2.5bn rub., the company informed.
The Kerala water sports and sailing organization will organize a power boat certification and yacht training session at Sacred Heart college, Thevara and Bolghatty and Vallarpadam areas from December 22 to 31.
A WOMAN from Westcliff is now paying the price for working while dishonestly claiming benefit.
The University of Hong Kong had found in its regular influenza virus surveillance programme that two pig samples taken at the Sheung Shui Slaughterhouse on October 22 tested positive for human swine influenza virus, a spokesman for the Food and Health Bureau said today.
Saskatchewan, and especially Prince Albert, needs a surge in the number of police officers.
Sapient announced that it has expanded its digital marketing creative team with the appointment of Former Ogilvy NYC Creative Director Tomas Siedleczka to creative director.
Regional publisher Johnston Press today announced it was extending its pay freeze for a further six months.
Kolstad, 76, who served as lieutenant governor under Republican Gov. Stan Stevens from 1988-1991, died of cancer Saturday at the Liberty County Hospital in Chester.
Luup has launched a universal mobile payments platform, which is the result of the integration of the Temenos T24 core banking application and Microsoft BizTalk with Luup's mobile payment services platform.
Israeli sources reported Sunday that a Jewish Man was stabbed to death at a hostel in Jerusalem.
A gunman was taking pot shots at a strip club where he used to work when an innocent bystander was shot on the Gold Coast, a court has been told.
When Saina Nehwal is on a roll, it's near impossible to stop her, even if you were a silver medallist at the World Championship.
A Meriden man died after being hit by a car in Hamden on Saturday night.
Project management is the new route to the top in the Middle East business world and project managers are now earning more than before the financial crisis, according to a leading industry expert.
Auckland Chamber of Commerce chief executive Michael Barnett says that is one of the reasons businesses are holding off on their investments decisions.
Apple has overtaken Google as the world's most valuable brand, ending a four-year reign by the internet search leader, according to a new study by global brands agency Millward Brown.
Eric Boullier is confident that ``there's plenty more to come'' from Lotus this season as it works to develop its E21.
Jair Jurrjens told MLB.com Saturday that he expects to return from the disabled list and start next weekend against Arizona.
Russia plans to boost its military presence in the Arctic to underline its claims in the vast mineral-rich region.
THE introduction of a carrier bag charge will cost Welsh shoppers millions of pounds a year, harm trade and hit those on lower incomes hardest, some of Britain's most powerful companies have warned.
India must include the Kashmir issue in talks with Pakistan in order to take forward parleys between the two countries, Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi said.
A 30-year-old married woman was allegedly gangraped allegedly by two relatives of her landlord in Vivek Vihar in east Delhi.
Roma have joined the race to sign St. Etienne's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang according to Sky Sports.
Their work helps explain why fat-storing cells get fatter, and burn fat slower, as obesity sets in.
FORMER York Rugby League Club player and manager Dennis Goodwin, a Great Britain international and Challenge Cup winner, has died in his home town of Barrow, aged 81.
Borealis, the speciality chemicals group, said that its first quarter net profits fell 56% to €61m but had come in above expectations.
The US Senate on Thursday passed a landmark healthcare bill, which will expand healthcare insurance coverage to 94 percent of the Americans and could usher in the biggest change in US healthcare policy in decades.
Pets at Home is holding a national fundraising week this week across all of its 234 stores.
A Volusia County Sheriff's Office helicopter made an emergency landing near DeLand Monday evening.
Israeli police have been ordered to show 'zero tolerance' toward rioters in the mixed Arab-Jewish city of Acre, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said on Sunday, after recent violence between the two communities in the northern coastal city.
University Avenue and Jefferson Street Northeast are both tentatively scheduled to open today in the north metro.
Footballer Wayne Rooney and Stereophonics upset hotel guests Wednesday night when they held an impromptu after show party in a hotel room in Manchester.
In 2012, Nassau County bus ridership fell to its lowest ridership level since 1998.
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia opened its first Indian branch Wednesday, becoming the first Australian bank to operate with a full banking licence in the country.
Three persons were arrested in Allahabad district today with a large cache of explosives including Ammonium Nitrate, dynamite tubes and detonators.
Britney Spears has confirmed she will take her sons on her forthcoming world tour, quashing reports she would cancel the jaunt if she wasn't allowed to travel with her children.
Spain and the Netherlands will play extra time in the World Cup final after a 0-0 draw in 90 minutes.
Belfast has enjoyed the fastest economic growth of any large city in the UK over the past 10 years, according to a report out today.
Hip fractures are a common injury for seniors, and can become a very serious if not fatal wound to recover from.
Czech international Roman Hubnik, seen here in October 2009, has been loaned by FC Moscow to Bundesliga club Hertha Berlin for six months with an option to buy, his agent told the CTK news agency on Monday.
Cincom Smalltalk TM announces the release of ObjectStudio® 8.1 and VisualWorks® 7.6, each with a number of significant improvements, including support for Seaside 2.8--the high-productivity web application development system.
A St. Joseph man has pleaded guilty in the death of his 7-week-old son.
Maradona, who is a fan of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, is currently in Beijing, China as part of his charity programs and will most likely visit Iran but the exact time of his arrival has yet to be announced.
The shekel is strengthening against the dollar, but weakening against the euro in morning inter-bank trading today.
A HandyDart bus and a car collided Monday morning at the corner of 104th Avenue and Old Yale Road leaving the driver of the car with head injuries, say Surrey RCMP.
Local girl, Shauna Finan, was crowned Queen of the Woodlands 2012 at the Loughglynn Music Festival over the August Bank Holiday weekend.
Dealer management systems specialist Pinewood says that dealers are using CRM in an effort to boost new and used car sales as well as aftersales.
Benihana Inc. , operator of the nation's largest chain of Japanese theme and sushi restaurants, today responded to public statements made by certain shareholders concerning the forthcoming special meeting of shareholders to consider and act upon a proposed merger the sole purpose of which is to increase the authorized number of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock by 12,500,000.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are allegedly fighting over the $2 million engagement ring that Kris Humphries gave Ms. Kardashian.
Twilight has been named as the worst movie of all time, according to the website Rifftrax.com.
A Woodstock woman charged with various child pornography offenses will appear in court tomorrow.
Former All Blacks forward Jerry Collins has been arrested in Japan and charged with carrying an illegal knife in a department store, police said on Sunday.
UK based PPSS have now launched a highly durable slash resistant duty jacket, using their very own EN 388:2003 Blade Cut Resistance Level 5 fabric Cut-Tex PRO.
The motor racing fraternity has been paying its respects today to former GP2, DTM, British F3 and sportscar star Christian Bakkerud, who has died following a road car accident in London at the weekend.
Goa will initiate 'migrant monitoring study' to judge the impact of migration on state's demographic, social and economic fabric.
Pep Guardiola hailed Lionel Messi as the king of world football after the Argentinian became Barcelona's all-time record goalscorer thanks to his eighth hat-trick of the season.
At a Cabinet meeting here, the Prime Minister mentioned how he faced embarrassing questions over the incidents during his meetings with the leaders of the US and European Union, official sources said.
Police shot and killed a man who pointed a weapon at a bystander and then at officers trying to pull him over in a traffic stop.
``So help me God,'' President Banda concluded in reciting her oath making her Commander --in-Chief of Malawi army and Police.
The final switch to Digital TV happens this Friday at midnight.
The Orlando Magic picked up their $2.8 million option on former Duke star JJ Redick for next season.
State Treasurer Kay Ivey is dropping out of the 2010 governor's race to run for lieutenant governor.
US stock futures pointed to a higher open on Tuesday, as market sentiment was boosted by a flurry of upbeat corporate earnings reports and as traders awaited US data on house prices and consumer confidence.
Yemen launched a major offensive against al-Qaeda and the US embassy here reopened on Tuesday after security forces staged a raid just outside the city that dealt with an imminent security threat.
``Ultimately, the US pork industry will need more demand, lower feed costs or lower supplies to be profitable,'' says John Lawrence, professor of agriculture, Iowa State University.
Actor Kal Penn has been robbed at gunpoint in Washington DC his former publicist has confirmed.
Injury strikes Sharks yet again Updated: 09:43, Wednesday April 24, 2013 The Sharks have lost yet another player to injury ahead of their Super Rugby match against the Chiefs in Hamilton.
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono observed his 59th birthday on Tuesday.
Chris Brown is planning to surprise Rihanna while she is away on her 'Diamonds' world tour.
President George W. Bush today plans to order 8,000 more combat and support troops out of Iraq by February, a measured drawdown that will leave nearly the same level of US forces in the war zone for the rest of the year.
VICTORIAN allrounder Glenn Maxwell will make his international debut when Australia take on Afghanistan in Saturday's one-day clash in Sharjah.
Governor David A. Paterson announced that, effective immediately, health care providers may make the H1N1 flu vaccine available to all New Yorkers who want the vaccine, including those who are not in priority groups established by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
TiVo said it intends to offer $120 million in convertible senior notes in a private offering.
Legendary producer Quincy Jones will receive an honorary doctorate from the University of Washington, school representatives announced last week.
Former French President Jacques Chirac, in second volume of his memoirs, has described President Nicolas Sarkozy as 'impetuous, disloyal, ungrateful, provocative' and -- worst of all -- 'unFrench' in his political attitudes.
Two Whitchurch postmen were killed after their car collided with a tree on the B5063 near Walton.
Chief executive Peter Storrie has confirmed that he will step down from his position once Portsmouth have been sold.
Due to unusually warm and dry conditions, fire restrictions are planned to start Thursday on open fires, the use of fireworks, and public firework displays.
Boone County teenagers featured on a billboard advertising a life free of alcohol, tobacco and drugs includes, from left:
Rain has stalled the hard red winter wheat harvest in Kansas before it could begin, but growers will be more concerned if the poor conditions continue next week.
Man shoots himself in primary school Updated: 05:18, Friday May 17, 2013 A middle-aged man with a history of family problems has shot himself dead in a Paris primary school near the Eiffel Tower, in front of about a dozen stunned children.
Through periods of heavy rain Tuesday, the Winston-Salem downtown farmers market opened for the year.
The US Coast Guard rescued a man whose skiff overturned Sunday night in rough waves off Point Loma, authorities said.
Iran is establishing a bank and an insurance company via a joint venture with Oman to increase trade between the two countries.
Prime Minister Helen Clark says Australian political strategists hired by the National Party are ``tricksters''.
A Saturday afternoon vegetation fire was contained to one and half acres, saving two structures that were endangered by the blaze, fire officials said Sunday.
In a Norristown courtroom today, Jon Gosselin was ordered to return $180,000 of the funds he withdrew from a bank account he shares with his estranged wife, Kate Gosselin, according to a TMZ.com report.
Democrats expect a fight over disclaimer requirements in a campaign finance bill that they say has been watered down and will do a disservice to voters.
Life Quotes, Inc. wants heart attack survivors to know that, while it may be tough to get a life insurance policy, it's not impossible.
MOTORHEAD rocker LEMMY wants to die onstage because he can't stand the idea of a drawn-out retirement.
Boston manhunt: father claims suspects were framed as search continued Subscribe to the Guardian HERE: http://bitly.com/UvkFpD The father of Dzokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, suspects in the Boston marathon bombing, says the pair were framed.
InvenSense, which provides motion sensors used in consumer electronics, postponed its IPO on Tuesday because of poor market conditions.
An unidentified man carries a banner outside a Foxconn factory in the township of Longhua in the southern Guangdong province May 27, 2010.
- The St. Louis Cardinals announced Saturday that they have released right-handed pitcher Matt Clement.
KEVIN Rudd says he takes a ``conservative'' approach to an early election but won't rule out using a double dissolution trigger.
THE political party led by Vice-President Jejomar Binay, PDP-Laban, is strengthening its local alliances in Bacolod and Negros Occidental.
A McDowell County man accused of faking numerous accidents has pleaded guilty to fraud charges.
STANFORD, Calif. Researchers at Stanford University School of Medicine have identified a protein critical for the growth of pancreatic cancer.
DeMarcus Cousins throws it down on Jeremy Tyler of the Golden State Warriors on March 124, 2012 for Kings TV.
Last week bullish investor sentiment declined to 40% from the prior week's sentiment level of 47.44%.
Police will be stepping up patrols along the seafront over the weekend, following the arson attack at Essex Yacht Club on Thursday morning.
The Weir Group has made a major accountancy recruitment move, hiring a new financial director.
CALABASAS HILLS, Calif. Restaurant chain Cheesecake Factory Inc. said late Tuesday that it has amended the terms of its revolving credit facility.
Oprah Winfrey has denied rumours she is gay in a US interview with Barbara Walters.
Vernon Kay is letting everyone know he's alive after an entry in wikipedia said he had died.
It was a painful day in an Onslow County courtroom as a former sheriff's deputy pleaded guilty to taking indecent liberties with a 13-year-old girl.
A Tampa woman has been charged with growing marijuana after Hillsborough County deputies responding to an anonymous tip went to her apartment and saw several plants on the balcony.
The New Orleans Saints have hired former Cowboys coordinator Rob Ryan as their new defensive coordinator to implement the Saints' new 3-4 scheme and to replace the fired Steve Spagnuolo.
There are many companies and individuals who are openly engaging in illegal and unregulated online sales of prescribed medicines in India.
The Dow struggled for direction as the dollar gained, and investors awaited more direction on a compromise reached between President Barack Obama and the Republicans on extending Bush-era tax cuts.
Researchers at Auburn University in the US are developing new technologies to store and recycle nuclear waste.
Hollywood superstar Angelina Jolie is ready to quit acting to spend more time with her six kids.
Zhongpin Inc., a leading meat and food processing company in the People's Republic of China, today announced that its board of directors has approved an increase in the stock repurchase program of 30 million of its outstanding stock over the next 12 months.
Wales has been praised for the ``festival'' spirit it lent to the opening fixtures of London 2012 as the world reacted to the Olympics' opening salvo.
Birds are more clever than you thought -- the avians can talk out of the corner of their mouths in a bid to scare off predators, says a new study.
http://www.firstcoastnews.com/video/2308509218001/1/Internet-cafe-shutdown-causes-security-job-loss http://bcdownload.gannett.edgesuite.net/fcn/35067928001/35067928001_2308527303001_th-516f5988e4b076511deb377f-95694977001.jpg?pubId=35067928001 Internet cafe shutdown causes security job loss Now that a statewide law has shutdown all Internet cafes, many of security officers are also out of work.
Mushroom Age for iPhone and iPad will go FREE for a single day to celebrate Valentine's Day!
Prices being paid for Illinois farmland continued their upward ascent during 2012 and are expected to continue to rise into the foreseeable future, according to the 2013 Illinois Land Values and Lease Trends Report released at the Illinois Land Values Conference sponsored by the Illinois Society of Professional Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers.
ANNE KEOTHAVONG yesterday kept up her fine form at the Qatar Total Open by beating world No47 Tamira Paszek in the first round in Doha.
MILAN -Napoli missed several excellent scoring chances to draw 0-0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A on Saturday.
Veteran Algerian diplomat Lakhdar Brahimi is likely to quit as the UN and Arab League special envoy for Syria in the coming weeks as he is reportedly frustrated over the never-ending conflict in the country.
New Delhi, June 24 Retirement fund body EPFO today decided to extend the deadline for appointment of fund managers to manage its huge corpus of over Rs 3.5 lakh crore to August 31, 2011.
A woman is in the hospital with life-threatening injuries after a truck landed on her Friday night.
Authorities have ordered an autopsy to learn more about the death of a man whose body was found under a pile of tires north of Palmview.
A MAJOR sea rescue mission launched off Huttoft last night, Tuesday, may have been a false alarm.
TOWNELEY Hall will close for one day so that trees near power lines can be cut back.
Novelist Dame Beryl Bainbridge, who lived in north London, has died at the age of 77 after a short battle with cancer.
Cadence Bank completed its conversion of Houston-based Encore Bank over the weekend, successfully adding more than 40,000 customers to its systems and products, Birmingham's third largest headquartered bank said today.
A new Priceline store is opening in Cowra and is expected to bring up to 25 jobs to the town.
The Sooty puppet used by Matthew Corbett in his last stage show will go under the hammer in Dorset later.
General Cable Corporation, one of the most globally diversified industrial companies,, announced today that it closed its previously announced private offering of $600 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2022 in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
New Delhi, April 26 India said Tuesday it will 'engage' with Sri Lanka on a UN report that found credible allegations of war crimes both by government forces and the Tamil tigers.
The Canadian dollar opened at 79.19 cents US this morning, up 0.06 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
Victoria Beckham has finally confirmed that Eva Longoria is set to be Harper Seven's godmother after months of denying the rumors.
Former South Africa coach Jake White will spend a week working with English Premiership club Saracens ahead of their match against Worcester on November 30.
A TEACHER from Rhyl has called for every school in the country to adopt a zero tolerance policy towards pupils who abuse and pester her colleagues both in the classroom and at home.
Schools need to do more in tackling the causes of bad behaviour, as unruly children may have special needs or serious problems at home, a leading charity has warned.
A 4-year-old boy is recovering Thursday morning after officers say he fell out of a second story window.
British rider Lizzie Armitstead has revealed that she will be focussing solely on the road race at the London 2012 Olympics despite being a world champion and multiple medal winner on the track.
A 14-year-old honor student from Northridge, Los Angeles, died this week after inhaling computer keyboard cleaner, a growing trend among students as young as eighth grade.
A 36-year-old Emirati mother of three is accused of taking drugs, the Dubai Criminal Court heard on Wednesday.
US President Barack Obama will attend the East Asia Summit on the Indonesian resort island of Bali on November 19, a local official said Thursday.
Richmond has opened three cooling shelters as the region prepares for a high temperature around 100.
RSM McGladrey, one of the country's leading providers of financial services under the McGladrey brand, celebrated 10 years of providing wealth management services in Rockford.
At least five motorists died on the roads this weekend, including one 52-year-old man who died while driving with his 12-year-old daughter in the canton of Schwyz.
The Wheeling Nailers, AA Affiliate for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Montreal Canadiens, are pleased to announce the Montreal Canadiens have assigned two players from the Hamilton Bulldogs to the Nailers.
A Societe Generale employee has been released without charge after being questioned over the multi-billion-euro rogue trading scandal at the French bank, a judicial source said Thursday.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with impaired driving following a collision with a taxi and a parked vehicle on Hamlyn Road in St. John's.
Inflation rose to 11.98 per cent for the week ended July 19 as some food and manufactured products turned dearer, justifying the harsh monetary stance of the Reserve Bank announced a couple of days back.
Microsoft and the Linux Foundation, the epicenter of the movement that wants to destroy Microsoft, have sent a joint letter to the American Law Institute protesting its draft Principles of the Law of Software Contracts meant to guide judges in interpreting licensing agreements.
Scottish Labour MP John MacDougall has died after a long illness.
Cricket agent Mazhar Majeed has been bailed without charge amid claims of match-fixing involving the Pakistan cricket team.
Dambulla , Jan 27 The curator here today conceded that he got little time to prepare the pitch but said the 22-yard for tomorrow&aposs first one-dayer between India and Sri Lanka will have something for both batsmen and bowlers.
Hollywood superstar Johnny Depp turned rockstar for a night as he joined Alice Cooper at a private concert and played the guitar in style.
The Kansas Highway Patrol said Thursday afternoon that no charges will be filed in a fatal crash Wednesday morning near Mayetta, because the driver was killed.
A bank robbery suspect was arrested Wednesday at a Galleria-area Starbucks as customers and employees looked on, KPRC Local 2 reported.
A WEYMOUTH sailor who fought in the Falklands has been honoured for more than three decades' service in the Royal Navy.
Extract seeks other suitors Updated: 12:11, Monday February 6, 2012 The Australian developer of one of the world's biggest uranium assets, Extract Resources, says it is still seeking alternative options after China inched closer to making a take-over offer.
NBA Commissioner David Stern, center, talks with reporters after leaving an NBA labor talks meeting , Monday, Oct. 10, 2011, in New York.
A new 100 per cent English cocktail has been created by a Town Crier in Herefordshire.
Tom Petty will be performing with The Heartbreakers at the Walnut Creek Amphitheater in Raleigh , North Carolina on Saturday, July 12 at 7:30 pm.
Former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was elected Indian President on Sunday after votes from national and state lawmakers were counted in the race for the mainly ceremonial post.
Kingston police have refused to say how many police officers will be dragged away to the Olympic Games but have promised numbers will be maintained.
Radico Khaitan announced on Monday that it has seen a 20-fold increase in its profit for the quarter ending March 31, 2010.
SLOVAKIA adopted the euro as of Thursday to become the 16th member of the euro zone, exactly ten years after the single European currency was introduced.
The Corruption Eradication Commission has announced it plans to establish an independent ethics committee to examine violations committed by its members and investigators in the field, with suspended KPK chief Antasari Azhar ``to go on trial''.
Import of cotton from India started Monday, as the country withdrew ban on export of cotton.
Former Baylor center and openly gay female athlete, Brittney Griner is tired of hiding who she is.
THE decision of Petrolina-Agip petrol station owners to go on strike today is ``rushed and unnecessary'' the oil company said yesterday.
It went into administration just hours after another retailer MFI also collapsed.
A US court ordered a temporary halt to federal funding of embryonic stem cell research, which President Barack Obama had authorized, saying it involved the destruction of human embryos.
Downing Street is reportedly waiting in genuine perplexity for Barack Obama to decide what he wants to do about Libya specifically and the Middle East uprisings in general.
China began charging the full consumption tax on fuel oil and three other oil products retroactively from January 1, tripling the previous level of taxation, state media reported Wednesday.
Takoradi Polytechnic has been ranked the first among polytechnics in Ghana for the second time running by the world universities ranking body, Webomatics, the largest public research body known for its scientific methods in web ranking.
Vanessa Hudgens will star as Mimi in the premiere of Rent at the Hollywood Bowl on August 6, 7 & 8, 2010.
For the first time, scientists have shown that amniotic fluid may be a potential new source of stem cells for therapeutic applications.
An ``ancient'' Greek statue found in a sheep pen north-west of Athens last week has now been deemed a fake.
bcuddy@thetribunenews.com San Luis Obispo County supervisors quietly approved a tentative budget for fiscal year 2012-13 of $469.4 million, a 1 percent increase over this year's spending plan.
Davy Graham, the British folk guitarist who greatly influenced Bert Jansch and Paul Simon died from lung cancer at the age of 68 in his London home.
With sales sagging as a result of the recession, bro-friendly restaurateur Hooters is looking for a buyer.
The actress has recently sung the Nepali version of the prominent South Indian track ``Kolaveri Di''.
Two Hamilton County neighborhoods will be without power for a couple of hours tomorrow as Duke Energy works on electrical grid upgrades in the area.
Shots were fired Saturday night, but no one was injured and police did not locate any witnesses.
Just one month away from receiving her Lifetime Achievement award at the Grammy's, Patti Page has died at the age of 85.
Amazon announced it would modify the Kindle 2 so that authors, publishers or any holders to a novel's rights can choose whether to turn on the feature, which takes written text and converts it to human speech.
IBM Philippines recently launched a new generation mainframe that it says is the most powerful and energy-efficient mainframe ever.
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan was asked to leave the VIP lounge of the Lucknow airport on Thursday.
British police arrested a terror suspect wanted by the United States, they announced Wednesday.
Choice Hotels International Inc. reports Q4 EPS of $0.44, 2 cents better than the analyst estimate of $0.42.
Yesterday in Downing Street I asked Gordon Brown whether Saudi Arabia is still funding the Taliban.
JERMAIN Defoe gave Fabio Capello a gentle reminder that Theo Walcott isn't the only one who knows where the goal is.
Adam Levine has explained why he went through a ``promiscuous'' phase before getting together with Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Anne V. The singer attributed his promiscuousness to loving women.
Portsmouth have secured a £10 million loan from Portpin Limited, a company said to be owned by Balran Chainrai, a Hong Kong-based businessman.
THE draft national curriculum for English, mathematics, science and history in senior high school was released on Friday.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said India was sitting on the powder keg of corruption and stressed that the country needs a spark to ignite a revolution as witnessed from the huge public response to social activist Anna Hazare's demands for a strong anti-graft bill.
Five-star recruit Terrence Jones surprised a lot of people late Wednesday night when he finally made his decision, picking Kentucky over Washington.
The Ministry of Health has assured the general public that it has provided some mitigating measures to minimise the impact of the strike action by the Ghana Medical Association and Government Hospital Pharmacists Association.
It was more than 55 years ago when Albert Einstein said, ``The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.''
Republican vice-presidential hopeful Sarah Palin has given her first TV interview since being picked by John McCain to be his running mate.
House Democrats unveiled a draft health care reform bill Friday that would include a public health insurance option and would require all individuals to get health coverage.
``Rolando let me know that he plans to retire from the NFL,'' Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome said.
By Tarmo Virki, European Technology Correspondent Nokia, the world's biggest cell phone maker, said on Tuesday it would halt investment in its first major Internet service push, a media sharing site, as part of a revamp of its services strategy.
Barcelona soccer player Eric Abidal will have a liver transplant in the coming weeks.
The United States is pleased to announce that it will host UNESCO's World Press Freedom Day event in 2011 ...
US Ambassador to Canada David Jacobson said Tuesday that Vice President Joe Biden would head the American delegation to the Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Netflix subscribers get to bite into AMC's ``The Walking Dead,'' according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Daimler AG, the world's biggest maker of commercial vehicles, is in talks to buy a 42 percent stake in truckmaker Kamaz as a way to boost sales in the fast-growing Russian market.
Sydney, Dec 8 Domestic violence may directly hit productivity at the workplace, with one in five victims experiencing continued harassment from their partners.
The eighth meeting of the parties of the memorandum of mutual understanding on regional cooperation in the field of drug control is taking place in Almaty, the agency reports.
Susan Boyle will sing for the Pope during his four-day trip to the United Kingdom.
German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp AG still sees the need for a consolidation of the stainless steel market despite some improvements in trading conditions in recent weeks, Chief Financial Officer Alan Hippe said Friday.
Former news anchor Keith Olbermann formally denounced the ``death'' of his career on Twitter.
A murderer who was caught after his victim's thumb was dropped from the sky by a bird has been jailed for life along with his co-accused in sentences totalling 78 years.
more pics ''Sandra Bullock surfaced a time or two in the first month or so following the awful affair scandal that ruined her marriage, but the first time we really saw the actress out in public and in the spotlight was at the Spike TV Guys Choice Awards June 5, then the MTV Movie Awards the next day.
12 Immigration June 23-29, 2012 TheSouthAsianTimes.info It's not exactly Dream Act.
Kansas says it has hired Florida offensive coordinator Charlie Weis as its head coach, a move made after flirting with Auburn's Gus Malzahn.
Park East Square's brownfield cleanup loan was quickly approved without protest, a strange twist given opposition as late as last night from a local union.
Faysal bank won the bid for RBS on Thursday.
Fujita is now back on the Browns' 53-man roster, which had an opening when cornerback Joe Haden was suspended four games Monday for failing a drug test and violating the league's ban on performance-enhancing substances.
North Korea has called for an end to hostile relations with the United States in a New Year message, the official news agency KCNA reported.
Calhoun announced he would indeed come back next season.
A Fridley resident interrupted a burglary in process Wednesday evening on the 1300 block of Hillcrest Drive.
Alex Ovechkin now has a gritty winger to go in front of the net in the so-called ``dirty'' areas.
TEENAGER Dan Gosling was Everton's hero as they knocked city rivals Liverpool out of the FA Cup with a 1-0 extra-time fourth round replay win at Goodison Park.
The Council on Revenues lowered its general fund forecast for the state of Hawaii Wednesday to 2 percent for fiscal year 2011, which ends June 30 of next year.
Big Indian pharma firms selling their stake does raise the fear of drug prices rising, but the question is whether they can ever hope to create a value equal to what MNCs are willing to pay them today.
US markets swung lower Thursday morning after the Labor Department said first-time unemployment claims rose, although just slightly, last week.
The Republicans have officially selected Mitt Romney as their presidential nominee at the party's national convention in Florida, Euronews reported.
A map of Vietnam made from 1,000 gold dragons worth nearly VND 1 billion will be highlighted at the 'Quang Nam Culture-Tourism Week' in Hanoi at the end of November.
Pakistan has arrested five Indian fishermen along with their boat for allegedly fishing illegally in the country's exclusive economic zone, officials said today.
It is reported that pension costs for US Steel are expected to hit almost USD 600 million in 2011 as the company deals with an aging workforce and a wave of retirements.
Chairman All Pakistan Textile Mills Association Mohsin Aziz said on Wednesday that Aptma had always stood for free market mechanism in the larger interest of the country.
Renee Zellweger has opened up about her breast cancer scare, which threatened to halt her career after the success of Jerry Maguire.
US President Barack Obama will visit China in mid-November in a four-nation Asia trip from Nov. 12 to 19 which will also take him to Japan, Singapore and the Republic of Korea, the White House said on Wednesday.
Chelsea's 'keeper Petr Cech wins the Czech footballer of the year award for the third time in a row....
Pakistan has become an ``abnormal'' and ISI-driven entity which uses Islamic militants to pursue its defence and foreign policy goals, an eminent Pakistani writer has said.
South Carolina welcomed back a familiar face to wide receiver Tuesday when Bruce Ellington returned to the football practice field.
The 11th annual Mayor's Awards for the Arts were handed out recently during a ceremony at the Washington Pavilion of Arts and Science.
Anand Kumar, who founded Super 30, Bihar's free coaching centre, has been selected as one of the role models for the Tata Jagriti Yatra 2010, organized by the Tata Group.
New Delhi, Oct 24 BJP today said it was wrong to use the term ``Hindu terrorists'' for the alleged extremists arrested on charges of the Malegaon blasts and charged ``some section'' of trying to malign the majority community.
The Arizona Diamondbacks claimed catcher Craig Tatum off waivers from the Houston Astros on Monday.
Social commerce network Lockerz, which just lost its founder and CEO Kathy Savitt to Yahoo, has raised $7.5 million in new funding, according to an SEC filing.
European stocks are seen opening flat to slightly higher on Tuesday ahead of the upcoming Federal Reserve meeting due after the London market close, with economists expecting no major policy moves.
Newly-single star Cheryl Cole has been named the world's sexiest woman - for the second year running.
The beleaguered textile industry on Tuesday applauded a new ``buy American'' law sponsored by freshman Rep. Larry Kissell, though it remains unclear how many jobs will be shifted to the United States because of it.
The Kroger Co. has consolidated its ``Naturally Preferred'' and ``Private Selection'' private labels under a new brand:
McGuinty says he's in no hurry to call a byelection in Kitchener-Waterloo.
Recent wrecks belie improving rail safety record It's easy to think the railroads are unsafe when there are pictures of burning, derailed cars on the nightly news.
Fox won its third straight Monday night of the new TV season, though it looks as though the much-hyped ``Monday Night Football'' game between the Minnesota Vikings and Green Bay Packers stole away some viewers from broadcast.
The Australian market ended flat or unchanged on Wednesday, after eight consecutive sessions of gains, on weaker than expected economic data related to housing loans for owner-occupied houses.
Video-sharing website YouTube just announced that it has now reached 4 Billion video views per day and 1 hour of video uploads per second.
David Ragan held off Carl Edwards on a two-lap sprint to the finish Friday night to win the Nationwide Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee.
Cuba plans to plant more trees this year with the planting of 165,560 acres.
The West Indian umpire, Billy Doctrove, has announced his retirement from the ICC elite panel after a 14-year international career in which he officiated in 167 matches across all three formats.
As the US promised to cooperate with India to resolve the issue of affected Indian students of a sham US university, three more students have been freed of radio monitor tags by authorities.
Rocker Lenny Kravitz is rumoured to be joining the judging panel of the UK version of The Voice.
Yemen criticized the US call for delay in a vote on constitutional amendments proposed by the ruling party last week which already took place Saturday by the House of Representatives as interference in its internal affairs.
An early Wednesday morning apartment fire has left three Augusta families homeless, at least for a while.
Tycoon Warren Buffett, pictured in 2011, announced Tuesday that he has early-stage prostate cancer, and indicated he had no intention of stepping down as head of his investment firm Berkshire Hathaway.
For the entire month of July we want to collect your old cell phones.
After a three year absence, the Sabres clinched a playoff spot with a dominating 7-1 win over Tampa at the HSBC Arena.
Mickey Baker, one half of the hit-making duo Mickey and Sylvia in the late '50s and an influential guitarist whose work can be heard on hundreds of records, has died at his home near Toulouse, France.
Businessman Bruce Lunsford has won a crowded Democratic Senate primary in Kentucky, and now gets a crack at Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell.
New York Jets wide receiver Braylon Edwards is being sued for child support by a former contestant on America's Next Top Model.
A construction worker has been indicted on five felony charges in connection with contracts he made with area homeowners.
Turkish scrap importers have been returning to the market, trading sources confirm to Steel Business Briefing.
The Children's Advocacy Center of Laredo Webb County has announced that Elizabeth smart will be coming to Laredo.
A man killed his brother over some petty issue in Malir within Model Colony police remits here on Monday.
Police are looking for a man, identified as Mr Desmond Loo Soon Aik, to assist in its investigations into the murder of an Indonesian money courier at The Arcade on Aug 24.
The Australian share market opened strongly today, with financial and materials stocks leading the rise.
British boxer Amir Khan on Monday said that Pakistani cricketer Shahid Khan Afridi is his good friend and he has invited him in his wedding ceremony.
Two cruise ship companies have temporarily suspended port calls to St. Kitts pending results of the probe into a robbery of 16 cruise ship tourists that occurred last Sunday.
Fiat SpA, Italian's largest automaker, said on Thursday that it is seeking new partners in China to promote sales in the world's second largest auto market, as sales sharply slowdown due to the Olympics and sliding consumer confidence, according to sources.
Globe Telecom is quietly entering the mobile TV market running the service on its 3G network.
Naturally, then, it's troubling to hear that Favreau won't return to direct ``Iron Man 3.''
Nurul Izzah Anwar, the daughter of freed Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim, says the Arab Spring has shown that Islam and democracy can co-exist and propel the opposition into power in Malaysia at elections later this year.
NEW YORK -Sarah Palin says she accepts David Letterman's apology for the joke he made about her daughter.
Harry Potter star Emma Watson will showcase her new fashion line at a royal garden party.
BCE Inc., Canada's largest communications company, said Friday that it has reached a final agreement with a buyer group led by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan to complete the C$35 billion buyout deal struck last June.
The Red Sox added a second hitting instructor to their coaching staff Friday, naming Victor Rodriguez as assistant hitting coach.
Everton captain Phil Neville is upset for teammate Tim Cahill over his World Cup red card with Australia.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has warned that Britain faces a decade of terror as al-Qaeda finds fresh methods for its murderous attacks.
Former Mo Thugs rapper Willie Lyons is wanted by police in Cleveland, Ohio after allegedly missing his child support payments.
VENEZUELA has closed its border with Colombia as part of a rapidly escalating crisis over the killing of a Colombian rebel chief, authorities in Caracas said according to Colombian television Caracol.
Long waits before delayed flights just got a lot more entertaining --at least in Ibiza-- where Cathy and David Guetta have opened the world's first airport club.
India could reach double digit growth in the remaining two years of the 11th Five Year Plan if the present trend of growth continued, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Saturday.
The National Hockey League Players' Association and the National Hockey League announced today that forward Jordin Tootoo of the Nashville Predators has been cleared to play in NHL games while he continues to participate in the follow-up care phase of the Substance Abuse and Behavioral Health Program of the NHLPA and the NHL.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi said on Friday that sustained efforts would be taken after the June 2010 International Classical Tamil conference to make Tamil an official language of the Union Government.
THE milk war that crippled the dairy industry may be about to end, with Coles announcing a deal with co-operative Norco to supply milk into southeast Queensland.
You can read through the report and find out out who lobbied city officials about what, and how much money they spent.
Aliu Mahama, who served as deputy to former president John Kufuor of the New Patriotic Party between 2001 and 2009, died on Friday morning.
FAMILIES will pay up to $180 for school student bus passes under a revised State Government plan to scrap fully subsidised school travel.
Charges could flow from ICAC inquiry Updated: 21:07, Tuesday April 9, 2013 Former NSW mining minister Ian Macdonald and a group of businessmen involved in a coal exploration licence could face a range of charges, a corruption inquiry has heard.
Well, recently some parts of the media seem to have adopted this approach to trashing foreign aid, saying aid doesn't work, and the public don't want it.
This year's Homecoming theme is ``You're a Part of the Story.''
Erin Dilly will temporarily replace 2012 Tony Award nominee Kelli O'Hara as Billie Bendix in the Broadway production of the new musical Nice Work If You Can Get It, at the Imperial Theatre, July 15-29.
Microsoft, maker of the popular Windows line of operating systems, will distribute free software to low-income groups in Seoul, city officials said Wednesday.
A BUNGLING thief who left a trail of footprints in the snow when he went stealing is facing six months in jail.
Mark Hughes will remain in charge of Manchester City next season, according to the club's chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak.
In my endless quest to find something different and blend it with todays technology I drove past a familiar looking little black car that put me in the way-back play-back machine.
More people visited the Outer Banks in June than a year ago despite soaring gasoline prices.
England arrived in Krakow on Wednesday ahead of their Euro 2012 Group D opener against France.
An Indian-origin woman told a court in Australia Monday that she set fire to her husband's genitals because she believed he was having an affair.
Qtel faces a fine and legal action over the way it launched its Virgin Mobile Qatar service.
An Umno supreme council member has been arrested by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission for allegedly engaging in money politics.
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the head of Iran's Expediency Council, has warned against ``extremists...trying to persist in the mistakes of the past eight years.''
MISSOULA, Mont. A 19-year-old man accused of trying to drag a UM student into his car has pleaded not guilty to robbery and theft.
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee said India will ensure the safe passage of the Olympic torch through the country and will not permit any anti-China activity by Tibetans on Indian soil, The Hindu newspaper reported Friday.
A Utica woman was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and assault Tuesday after she injured an Oneida County Sheriff's deputy while at the County Office Building, sheriff's deputies said.
AOL will cut about 700 jobs, or 10 per cent of its workforce, as the Internet services and media company struggles with an advertising downturn and recession, according to an internal memo circulated to employees.
The Canadian economy showed signs of entering a recession in February, while the construction sector experienced low rates of growth.
Dutch company Martinair, which owns the KLM group, said Thursday that it would be stopping commercial flights on its four Boeing 767 aircraft by next year, to focus on transporting freight.
Dropkick Murphys have revealed details for their special club show on Saturday.
Australia thrashed Bangladesh by eight wickets in the second one-day international to clinch the series yesterday as the visitors continued their miserable form with the bat.
Gov. Jon S. Corzine on Thursday nominated Robert Taylor to continue serving as Cape May County prosecutor.
Two alleged kidnappers have been arrested at the charge of abducting for ransom by mutual crackdown by Anti-war crime Sibli and Citizen Police Community here on Sunday.
Kim Kardashian is craving giant cookies and French fries.
Fresno Congressman Jim Costa wants to pass a new transportation bill instead of extending the current law every few months.
At least 500 refinery workers in the New Orleans area could go on strike this weekend as part of possible nationwide walkout by the United Steelworkers union over a contract dispute with oil companies.
Serbia is testing a patient for its first suspected case of swine flu, the health minister said today.
2010 fall sport schedules for 12 Hamilton College varsity teams are posted on the Hamilton athletics Web site on each team's Web page.
Acas is attempting to avert a strike at UK airports by acting as a mediator between airports operator BAA and the union representing disgruntled workers, Unite.
US folk-rock icon Bob Dylan has endorsed Barack Obama for president, saying Obama is ``redefining what a politician is,'' The Times of London reported.
A soldier from Elmira Heights who was killed in Korea in 1950 was finally laid to rest late this morning at Elmira's Woodlawn National Cemetery.
Bree, who lost 110 pounds in two years by exercising daily and overhauling her diet, now wants to inspire others to embrace a healthy lifestyle.
North Korea blocked access to a key joint industrial zone with South Korea on Wednesday--a sharp escalation in a military crisis that Washington blamed on Pyongyang's ``reckless'' behaviour.
Ethiopian airlines is expected to sign a firm order with Airbus for a previously announced purchase of 12 Airbus 350-XWB aircraft at a list price of almost $3 Billion.
After scoring record ratings for the network, FX has renewed 'American Horror Story' for a second season.
Labour Party senior whip Darren Hughes said Dr Smith misled the House -- which is against Parliament's rules -- in Parliament last Thursday.
The victims' families of the crash say they'll fight to keep ``Jub Jub'' and Themba Tshabalala in jail.
McLaren's Lewis Hamilton turned the tables on Ferrari with the fastest lap in the Monaco Grand Prix practice held yesterday.
Long-term Manchester United target Luis Suarez has admitted that he might leave Ajax for a bigger club this summer.
The craft beer market and other speciality beers are gaining in popularity in the city.
Britannia Industries is setting up three new green field manufacturing units at Bihar, Orissa and Karnataka to boost its production capacity that would support the robust demand for its products across the country.
Majlis Speaker Ali Larijani has said that any sanction against Iran will be met with a bitter response.
The tabloid story everybody's talking about -- but almost no one is writing about -- has created an interesting debate on the Internet about the dueling roles of old/new media and what constitutes legitimate news.
A Charlotte man is charged with breaking into an emergency clinic after he ran past authorities responding to an alarm call on Innes Street.
Videocon d2h, a leading direct-to-home service provider, today said that it now offers the maximum number of channels and services in the country at around 266 channels and services overall.
Chinese government is to open more museums, memorial halls and national patriotism education bases to the public for free amid efforts to upgrade cultural services.All national museums and provincial comprehensive museums will stop charging entry fees this year, says a government circular.Museums and memorial halls listed as national patriotism education bases will open for free, adds the circular, jointly issued by the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, the ministries of finance and culture, and the State Administration of Cultural Heritage on Janyary 23.Free entry is also available to museums above county level in Zhejiang, Fujian, Hubei, Jiangxi, Anhui and Gansu provinces and Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.Other provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities are encouraged cut or abolish entry fees according to their circumstances, the circular says.All museums, memorial halls and national patriotism education bases will be free to visit by 2009 except cultural relics and historical sites, which will have cheap rates for minors, the elderly, soldiers, the disabled and low-income families, says the circular.For special or guest exhibitions, museums and memorial halls can charge fees, the circular says, and museums are encouraged to have cheap tickets and flexible plans, such as regular free entry, and cheap tickets for groups and families.
A former Logan County teacher was sentenced to jail for two months for having sex with a student.
The people of the world need to get off their butts, scientists have concluded after an extensive review of global mortality statistics, which revealed that physical inactivity is killing more people than smoking.
US home prices fell in March, ending the first quarter of 2012 at the lowest levels since the housing crisis began in mid-2006, according to Standard & Poor's Case-Shiller home-price indexes.
A man shot and wounded by Raleigh police during a confrontation last week has died.
With Furcal leading the way, the Dodgers knocked the Reds around all night.
CBS4 has learned the spill near the Suncor oil refinery may have started a year ago, not in late November as first reported.
Sen. Chris Dodd endorsed one-time presidential rival Barack Obama on Tuesday and said it is time for Democrats to join forces to defeat the Republicans in the fall campaign.
DELHI-BOUND Freya Murray pulled out a sprint finish to retain her Great Yorkshire 10k title in Sheffield yesterday.
Brooke Shields shares personal memories of Michael Jackson at memorial‎
WASHINGTON The Pentagon announced on Thursday that it is taking new steps to try to clamp down on leaks of classified information, saying unauthorized disclosures undermine national security and in some cases rise to the level of criminal acts.
ROCK star Ozzy Osbourne says a fan once asked him to sign a colostomy bag.
She recently admitted to failing a randomly-administed drug test with traces of cocaine being the culprit.
Taiwan stocks rose 0.67 per cent on Friday, as tech shares such as TSMC climbed after gains on Wall Street and reports the government will loosen restrictions on tech sector investment in China.
A Taiwanese firm plans to start importing the Indian-made Nano, the world's cheapest car, targeting the island's millions of motorcyclists as potential buyers, a company official said on Wednesday.
On August 14, Logitech International announced that it intended to acquire privately held Ultimate Ears for $34 million in cash.
Charles Jenkins scored a career-high 38 points to help Hofstra hold off Fairfield 84-80 on Monday night.
A 24-year-old man was shot twice by police at a busy Toronto intersection Monday afternoon after allegedly charging a Toronto Police officer while holding a knife.
New survey finds American girls express interest in sciences but are not sure how to get there.
Further bolstering the presence of third-party social networks in iOS, Apple is testing deep LinkedIn integration for the upcoming release of iOS 7, according to code-based references found inside of the first beta of iOS 7.
India must continue with steps to cool inflation, currently at double the ``ideal'' level, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said, ahead of the central bank's monetary policy decision next week.
Jesse Jackson Junior, son of one of the country's top civil rights leader, on Wednesday resigned from his seat in the US House of Representatives, citing health problems.
Rich tax dodgers are paying back six times as much money as they were two years ago, thanks to a crackdown by the Revenue's elite High Net Worth team.
A combination of two techniques promises to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of experimental gene therapies, while also reducing potential side effects says a new research report published in the December 2011 issue of the FASEB Journal.
``Alberta wildfires rage as extra help arrives'' is categorized as ``world''.
Police are appealing for witnesses to a traffic accident in Tsuen Wan today in which 28 persons were sustained injuries.
Lightning strikes 6 homes in Toms River No one was injured when lightning struck six homes in Toms River.
Tata Consultancy Services, or TCS, an India-based information technology company, has announced that the Commonwealth Bank of Australia has selected the TCS BaNCS banking platform for its first Indian branch in Mumbai.
The Shanghai Futures Exchange is preparing to launch wire rod and deformed steel bar futures, general manager Yang Maijun said.
The ringgit closed lower against the US dollar today on selling pressure, dealers said.
Baltimore police say a doctor has been shot at Johns Hopkins hospital in Baltimore and a suspect is holed up inside.
The first stage of the HydroOGK consolidation through the takeover of 20 subs was completed on the conversion of their stocks into the stocks of HydroOGK, the company informed.
Google announced recently on its Official Google Enterprise Blog that it has moved its encrypted search to a domain of its own.
Provident Financial, which lends small sums to borrowers who cannot get credit from mainstream banks, reported a rise in first-half profits as Barnardo's attacked its high interests rates.
ENVIRONMENT Minister Sammy Wilson has assured Lisburn City Council the new John Lewis planning application will be dealt with 'as quickly as possible'.
A new series of magnetic clutches & couplings from Sterling Instrument features no friction or wearing parts, uses no electricity and no magnetic particles to leak.
Michael Lohan was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence against his girlfriend Tuesday in Florida.
Mark Sanford won the South Carolina special election comfortably Tuesday, emerging victorious in a competitive race for what in normal circumstances is a safe Republican seat.
Democratic senator Barack Obama said a Hillary Rodham Clinton presidency would be a step back to the past, turning her husband's image of a bridge to the future against her.
A 'Nasi Katok' stall owner was fined $6,000 or four months' imprisonment in default by the Bandar Seri Begawan Magistrate's Court, Saturday for employing two immigration offenders to work at his stall in Kampong Lambak.
The Consumers Energy Company, which provides electricity and natural gas, has appointed Richard Ford as the vice president of energy delivery for the utility.
A SWAT officer died in the line of duty Tuesday, and a fellow officer remembers the 20-year Columbus Division of Police veteran while asking for your help.
TAMPA, Fla. A Tampa man was arrested after authorities say he tried to beat a drug test at his probation office by smuggling in someone else's urine.
LEHIGH ACRES, Fla. ― A Lehigh Acres man was charged with injuring a police dog.
The US Census Bureau recently released 2005-2009 American Community Survey data for all Pennsylvania counties, municipalities, census tracts, state senate and representative districts, school districts and congressional districts.
A baby shower in Stoughton, Mass., ended in Drake/Chris Brown fashion as some 200 people began brawling with each other, the Boston Herald reports.
Point Park University is the latest to campus in Pittsburgh to receive a bomb threat.
A 36-year-old Newton man has been arrested on felony animal cruelty charges for allegedly killing his ex-girlfriend's four kittens with a hammer.
In Page County, several candidates for local offices met at a forum Tuesday.
Charges are expected to be filed against a 52-year-old Forest County man accused pointing a gun at woman and firing a shot inside a home in the Town of Armstrong Creek.
A new believe is firmly advancing among many educators and reseachers that thinking is invariably interwoven into the context of a problem or the issue at hand.
The oldest horse on Wild Horse Island State Park in Flathead Lake has died after spending more than 30 years on the island.
US stocks looking slightly stronger, as the first reports coming in on holiday sales indicate the season was better than last year's weak one.
Santa Ana, Calif. A lawyer says day laborers have sued a Southern California city over a ban on seeking work on the street.
A car bomb killed 33 people in a market in the Iraqi town of Balad on Sunday, the US military said.
Said doubles standout Dominic Hansford: ``We're having a strong start to the season, it's going well so far.''
HUNDREDS of friends and family members attended the funeral of a popular community figure last week.
Google is investing US$75 million in an Iowa wind farm as part of its effort to encourage development of cleaner energy sources.
Security software vendor McAfee has agreed to acquire Secure Computing for approximately $465 million -- just under twice its annual revenues.
Officials have released new figures showing that nature tourism is bringing $300 million dollars a year to the Rio Grande Valley.
Rudy Acuna is hard at work selling the big lie and the big guy.
A report published by the Israeli Information Centre for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories has stated clearly that the Separation Wall built by the Israeli government has caused ``unnecessary suffering'' to the Palestinian people.
The United States has refused to confirm or deny reports claiming Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has rebuffed top intelligence officials of the Bush administration, on proposed American operations inside Pakistan, including joint operations.
NASA is poised to launch on Friday a one billion dollar solar-powered spacecraft called Juno on a five-year journey to Jupiter in search of what makes up the solar system's biggest planet.
Luxury handbags are the UK's cup of tea, according to the World Luxury Index, an analysis of the most search luxury brands, which found that British shoppers love designer handbags more than any other country.
Playboy founder Hugh Hefner has been granted a restraining order against an intruder, who was twice arrested for allegedly colliding his car into the gates of playboy mansion.
Rod Stewart has launched his own clothing line on his official website store and other outlets.
A student protest continues at Dickinson College on Thursday night but students say they've made progress.
Gold bounced back above US$1,840 an ounce on Thursday as the last session's dramatic 3% price slide tempted physical bullion buyers back to the market, with concerns over euro zone debt and the US economy firmly underpinning interest.
Despite appearing in over 70 movies during his career, Gary Busey, 67, has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in California, according to TMZ.
It took 33 weeks of a 35 week broadcast TV season, but Fox now holds the season to date lead in all major age demos for the 2008-9 season.
Britain's oldest stuntman, who has appeared in a host of Hollywood movies, has recreated a stunt which almost killed him 26 years years ago.
There are rumours that Gina Carano may be posing for Playboy.
Tata Motors on Tuesday launched a new range of bus chasis which promises better fuel efficiency and lower maintenance costs.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison stops in Amarillo for the second time in a week.
Life Healthcare Communications has made four new appointments, adding to its client service, creative and digital teams.
The government has released its latest fire statistics this week, and while they show a decline in the number of incidents being attended by UK fire and rescue services, the Fire Industry Association believes there is still a way to go to improve safety and bring down the numbers even further.
Hundreds of people marched yesterday against domestic violence in an activity organized by the Justice Ministry, with the motto ``Zero Tolerance towards Violence against Women.''
North Korea threatened to conduct a nuclear weapons test to derail ``hostile'' US policies, after the Obama administration pushed through United Nations sanctions against the totalitarian state for a rocket launch last month.
A baby whale abandoned by its mother in the waters off north Sydney has been put down, after veterinarians decided it could not survive on its own.
Adams wants European medal presentation Updated: 10:22, Saturday August 18, 2012 Valerie Adams says she would prefer to receive her Olympic gold medal in Europe rather than New Zealand.
Language schools are regulated by a Legal Notice listing the national minimum conditions and while some might have decided to revise their regulations recently, they cannot be obliged to do so by Feltom, the Federation of English Language Teaching Organisations Malta, The Malta Independent has learnt.
The Bank of Russia left rates unchanged Friday, as expected, but may be considering looser monetary policy to offset the effects of a deepening sovereign debt crisis in Europe, analysts said.
Budapest authorities agreed to wait until after Passover to close down an alternative Jewish culture center.
I've been pretty lax lately about updating this blog... well, the holidays are over and it's back to work!
Mike Anderson has been named the University of Arkansas' head men's basketball coach it was announced by Vice Chancellor and Director of Athletics Jeff Long on Wednesday.
Rutherford High's graduating class of 2010 received awards and honors in their brand new gym along with school board members.
A prototype video game controller that tugs on your thumbs as you play could make games feel more realistic by simulating the pull of a fishing line, the recoil of a gun or the feeling of ocean waves.
A taxi driver will face court today charged with sexually assaulting a female passenger at Marayong, in Sydney's north-west.
A 20-year-old Madison man has been convicted of torturing a man who he claimed stole drugs from him.
A prominent Chinese AIDS activist has fled China for the United States with his wife and 4-year-old daughter to escape increasing government harassment of him and his organization, he said Monday.
A Memphis police officer was charged with rape and turned himself in on Tuesday.
AbitibiBowater Inc. today announced the appointments of Anthony F. Griffiths and Paul Rivett to serve on its Board of Directors.
Serbian businessman Toplica Spasojeviæ said that three separate developmental institutions need to be formed in Serbia.
High school baseball games had to be rescheduled Tuesday in Frederick after baseball fields at Governor Thomas Johnson High School and Husky Field were vandalized.
The Detroit Tigers placed centerfielder Austin Jackson on the 15-day disabled list today following their 2-1 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 5 The objective of the 7th Campaign against Homophobia and Transphobia, under way until May 24 is to promote and defend the right to free and responsible sexual orientation and gender identity.
State employees in York, Chester and Lancaster counties should report to work at 1 pm Monday, due to inclement weather.
Former RJD MP Rajesh Ranjan alias Pappu Yadav, who has been evading arrest for more than three months, was arrested by the CBI from a private hospital in Gurgaon in the outskirts of the capital in connection with the murder of a former CPI MLA 12 years back.
Nokia 808 PureView, the latest offering from the handset maker and a successor to Nokia N8, stole the show at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona with a 41 megapixel sensor, unheard of in mobile phones.
Phil Hughes has been scratched from Monday's start after experiencing lower back spasms yesterday.
Sachin Tendulkar's magnanimity is well known in cricketing circles and the legendary cricketer again proved that he is as big-hearted a human being as he is as a cricketer when he decided to share his Man-of-the-match award with young Ambati Rayudu.
West Australian iron ore miner Fortescue will launch a High Court appeal against a Federal Court verdict that it made misleading statements to investors.
As it turns out, even Snowmen, scratch that, Snowpeople, support marriage equality.
The actress shares, ``Three years ago, it felt like we didn't have anything, and now my life--our life--has kind of repaired itself. Look, it's not a perfectly operating system--there are holes and dips and electrical storms--but the basics are intact. It's changed how I see the world and how I interact on a daily basis. It's changed the parent I am. It's changed the friend I am. It's changed the kind of work that I really want to do. It's become the lens through which I see life--that it's all impermanent.''
LONDON National Express Group PLC, the train and bus operator that is handing back its loss-making London-Edinburgh rail franchises to the government, received Thursday a 688.5 million pound takeover approach from its largest shareholder and CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt said Thursday that he wouldn't rule out Anquan Boldin playing Sunday against the Cowboys.
The UN Security Council meets today to formally end the UN observer mission in Syria amid entrenched divisions between the major powers over the conflict-stricken country.
The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that it plans to regulate smokeless electronic cigarettes as tobacco products and will not try to regulate them under stricter rules for drug-delivery devices.
Ken Griffey Jr. is back in Seattle and already making a difference on and off the field for the Mariners.
Wikipedia, the upstart Internet encyclopedia that most universities forbid students to use, has suddenly become a teaching tool for professors.
A noted Ukrainian writer, Yury Andrukhovych, says a moratorium on the past history should be imposed in Ukraine to overcome the present rift between Western and Eastern Ukraine.
After shifting an impressive 1.3 million copies of 2004 debut Storyteller around the globe, ``crossover'' artist Raghav is back to set the charts alight with his monster new album Identity.
The Black Crowes have stripped down their hits and favorites for Croweology, and Chris Robinson discusses whether it was an easy process or not.
European stocks are expected to open higher Thursday, taking their cues from a strong finish on Wall Street and a positive performance in Asia.
One in five workers believes that their employer creates a stressful environment, suggests a new survey from Aviva.
Two days after being freed from house arrest, pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said that her aim is for a peaceful revolution in Burma, reports BBC.
The number of H-1B visas issued by the US could double under a proposed Senate immigration plan which would also remove the cap on the green card, a move likely to benefit Indian-American technology professionals but not the Indian companies.
Two Wellington Free Ambulance paramedics and a Wellington doctor are heading to Samoa next week to help equip and train paramedics there.
Gov. Butch Otter has vetoed all eight appropriation bills that he threatened to veto this morning.
Sharif was in London to see his wife, who is receiving treatment here, the official said.
English cricket county Leicestershire have signed Pakistan all-rounder Abdul Razzaq as their second overseas player for the forthcoming FL T20 tournament.
The DonPachi name might not mean anything to quite a few of you, but for those who love insane bullet hell shooters the news that DoDonPachi Resurrection is heading to Europe is very welcome indeed.
``Defense Ministry strictly condemns Azerbaijan's regular destabilization act following OSCE monitoring in the line of contact on the eve of Armenian and Azerbaijani Presidents' meeting with Russian President's mediation. Defense Ministry extends condolences to Harut Grigoryan's relatives and states that Azerbaijani party is responsible for such provocations by Azerbaijan's armed forces,'' Armenian Defense Ministry press office reported.
Primary Day is nearly upon us and candidates running for the 13th Congressional District seat are making their final push to voters.
Remnants of forces still loyal to Muammar Gaddafi staged a desperate stand in Tripoli on Tuesday as rebels fought their way into the capital, but the whereabouts of the veteran leader was a mystery, the Mail and Guardian Online reports.
Frank Lampard has called on Chelsea to rediscover their old spirit and pride after their 2-1 win away to Wolves on Monday.
CoreLogic ®, a leading residential property information, analytics and services provider, today released its February MarketPulse report.
Nigeria midfielder John Mikel Obi has praised the courage of coach Stephen Keshi in selecting a young squad as Nigeria prepare to play the Africa Cup of Nations Final.
US Sen. Jim Bunning says Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg could die from pancreatic cancer in less than a year.
US stocks edged higher on Thursday, but gains were limited after relatively weak US jobless claims data and amid sustained concerns over the debt crisis in the euro zone following a disappointing Italian bond auction.
Alfuzosin 10 mg once-daily improves ejaculatory dysfunction in sexually active men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia, according to new findings presented here at the 25 th Anniversary European Association of Urology Congress.
Public prosecutor in the 2002 Naroda Gam and Dipda Darwaza riot cases Ajay Choksi on Friday resigned from the post citing personal reasons.
In a stunning reversal of form, New Zealand thrashed England in their opening one-day cricket international by six wickets and with 20 overs to spare at Westpac Stadium here yesterday.
Inter Services Public Relations said the statement by Chief of the Army Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani with regard to Pak Air Force was distorted to give wrong meaning.
Roger Federer admitted he ``got lucky'' after surviving a massive first-round scare against Alejandro Falla at Wimbledon.
Oil prices hovered below $101 a barrel Friday in Asia ahead of a key US jobs report.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ebix since the stock closed above $15.29.
Actor turned Congress MP Govinda visited a Mumbai District Collector's office on Friday and clarified his position on poll code violation charges.
Thailand will call elections before June, Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thuagsuban said on Thursday, providing first test of support for the government since it came to power three years ago in the polarised country.
The US dollar rose against the British pound on Monday amid gloomy British economy, but fell against the euro as inflation data reinforced expectations that the European Central Bank will not start cutting rates soon.
Fidel Castro, who led Cuba for a half century and became known worldwide for decades of Cold War-era clashing with the United States, will celebrate his 86th birthday Monday far from the limelight.
General Stanley McChrystal, the former commander of US forces in Afghanistan whose career was cut short earlier this year by a Rolling Stone article, is shopping a book.
Turkish State Religion Affairs Office said 14 Turkish pilgrims died in Saudi Arabia for various reasons.
``Professional'' beggars are making up to £200 a night on the streets of Leicester, it has been revealed.
The Justice Secretary, Ken Clarke, has said the middle classes don't understand the scale of the spending cuts that are about to hit them.
Battery life of portable computer has a major impact in this model, make and model of your laptop, we decide to buy.
Apart from boosting the risk of heart disorder and diabetes, now scientists have found out that obesity is linked to the development of dementia and cognitive decline in adults aged 60 to 70.
The King of Pop is going to get the royal treatment when Glee pays tribute to Michael Jackson.
Brian Gionta scored twice in his 500th career game to guide the Montreal Canadiens to a 5-3 win over the Dallas Stars.
Sarah Jessica Parker is scared for the safety of the surrogate carrying her twin girls.
YuMe, a provider of digital brand advertising software and services, has acquired Crowd Science, an audience targeting technology company.
AT&T Inc., the largest telecommunications company in the United States, said Friday it is moving its corporate headquarters to Dallas from San Antonio for easier access to customers and operations around the world.
There are two phrases that you'd never hear in sports bars or in commentary.
SUSS MicroTec, a leading supplier of equipment and process solutions for the semiconductor industry, has received orders for multiple 300mm lithography systems from Amkor Technology Inc., an industry leading supplier of innovative packaging solutions.
Boston teens blame Rihanna for being a victim of domestic violence.
MIDDLETOWN >> A city man is facing assault and strangulation charges following a domestic incident Sunday night.
Today, on Mad Money, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said Google will absolutely not sell an ad on the homepage.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has confirmed he is returning to Britain to continue his recovery from a knee injury.
After returning to Pakistan following his bridge-building England trip, Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Ijaz Butt has issued a statement saying that the cricket world 'is reeling from a storm of allegations and rumours.
AN ELDERLY woman was pushed to the floor, threatened with a knife and had her hands tied behind her back after two men tricked her into letting them inside her home.
One in three student loans have still not been processed weeks before the start of the academic year.
Many state and local government offices and operations will be closed for Easter.
A flash flood watch has been issued for southeast Minnesota and portions of Iowa and southwest Wisconsin with heavy rain expected to fall overnight in the region.
A Saudi woman journalist has been sentenced to 60 lashes for her involvement in the LBC TV program ``Bold Red Line'' in which a Saudi man described his extra-marital sex life.
Monica Bellucci - who has five-year-old daughter Deva with husband Vincent Cassel - gave birth to the couple's second child, Leonie, on Friday.
A West Hartford doctor prescribed more than 1,900 muscle-relaxing pills to a 35-year-old city woman in a period of only two months, according to court documents.
Melbourne Storm prop Antonio Kaufusi who is off to join the Cowboys.
Just in time for the holidays, UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP/NASHVILLE has opened the GIVE COUNTRY, GET COUNTRY holiday store for fans to get exclusive deals on their favorite UMG/NASHVILLE artist's new releases and holiday catalog.
Cleveland Indians second baseman Asdrubal Cabrera had the 14th unassisted triple play in major league history Monday against Toronto.
A flood watch in effect from Thursday afternoon through Friday morning for Coshocton, Muskingum and Guernsey counties, according to the National Weather Service in Pittsburgh.
Food price inflation has slowed to its lowest level in almost three years as retailers lure in cash-strapped shoppers with promotions and vouchers.
For the first time since their split, Marc Anthony spoke to the press and denied any such nonsense, declaring that he still loved Jennifer Lopez.
As we walked out of one showroom after a spiel from a salesman exhorting me to ``invest'' $20K into a car, Elliott said, ``Always remember: a car is an expense, not an asset.''
Floyd Mayweather and Shantel Jackson are expecting a child, claims a new report.
Earlier this week online fashion superstore Zando was launched in South Africa at The Orphanage Cocktail Emporium, Cape Town.
New Delhi, Aug 25 As part of its commitment to discourage use of tobacco, the Government is keen to see that tobacco growers in the country take to alternative farming, Commerce Minister Anand Sharma said in Rajya Sabha today.
A UP minister and his security guard were fined for travelling without a valid ticket in a Shatabadi Express train here.
A federal judge in Benton, Ill., has ordered a former NBA player from Southern Illinois to pay nearly $1 million in back child support.
Surrey batsman Jason Roy will spend the winter in Australia developing his game at the Darren Lehmann Cricket Academy.
Car sharing marketplace RelayRides has acquired car sharing platform Wheelz.
Alan Wiley could yet sue Sir Alex Ferguson for defamation after the referee union revealed it would discuss possible legal action against the Manchester United manager following comments that earned him a two-match touchline ban.
Auburn held its first scrimmage of the spring Saturday at Jordan-Hare Stadium.
3/9/2010-Vodafone Group, the world's largest mobile operator, announced Tuesday that it will cut 375 jobs in the UK, as part of its efforts to lower costs.
Rueben and VonEmma Wagner celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary on March 6, 2010, in Kauai, Hawaii.Rueben and VonEmma met in Scottsbluff, Neb., while still in high school.
Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee, who was expelled from CPI for refusing to quit on the nuclear deal issue, today suggested that party General Secretary Prakash Karat should consider quitting the post taking responsibility for the party's dismal showing in the elections.
A 48-year-old Murrieta man accused of molesting his underage daughters for years was charged today with committing lewd acts on a child and other felony and misdemeanor counts.
The same Cleveland judge who made a woman wear an ``idiot'' sign in public for driving around a school bus is calling for the public shaming of a man convicted of threatening police officers.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il had a second stroke late last month, according to reports in Japan.
Croatia called off a state of energy emergency Tuesday after Russia restarted gas deliveries to the Balkan country via Ukraine.
A judge is expected to consider two psychologists' reports today that will help determine whether a convicted child killer is mentally fit to stand trial on charges of murdering a 10-year-old Beaumont boy.
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will endorse former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney Wednesday night, a source close to the Republican's presidential campaign confirmed to the Fix.
Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced the team has recalled D Michael Stone and F Matt Watkins from Portland of the AHL.
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan joined popular photo sharing website Instagram this week, The Indian Express reported.
A Los Angeles jury has ordered Boeing Co. to pay $370 million over a contract dispute with a communications company headed by cellular phone pioneer Craig McCaw.
A Franklin Pierce University student has died of bacterial meningitis in a Massachusetts hospital.
Advanced Life Sciences Holdings, a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel drugs in the therapeutic areas of infection, oncology and respiratory diseases, announced that Dawson James Securities, has initiated analyst research coverage of Advanced Life Sciences.
SA rand weakened against the dollar for a third day on speculation reports due this week may show the nation's first recession in 17 years will be prolonged as a global economic slump persists.
There's going to be a interesting match in the NHL tonight, so make sure you watch Nashville Predators vs Atlanta Thrashers live stream online if you want to see a interesting match!
Darling International Inc. today announced that it has completed its acquisition of certain rendering, grease collection and trap servicing business from Sanimax USA Inc. The acquisition includes all of Sanimax's rendering, grease collection and trap servicing business in the States of Indiana and Ohio , including facilities located in Kendallville, Indiana and Cleveland, Ohio .
A recent survey says women nearing 60s should avoid red colour.
A 12-year-old boy is recovering Saturday after being hit by a car in Allegany County.
Syrian forces fired live ammunition at protesters coming out of a main mosque after Friday prayers in the besieged city of Deir al-Zor, witnesses said, as demonstrations against President Bashar al-Assad resumed elsewhere in the country.
Amritsar, Dec 8 African nations today invited Indian investors, saying that there are immense opportunities in mining, energy, agriculture and infrastructure sectors.
The science of avian collisions with wind turbines continues to demonstrate, despite the concerns of some conservation groups, that the threat to birds from wind turbines is modest compared with other human structures and activities.
Entergy Corp. restarted its Indian Point 3 reactor in New York and has ramped up the unit to full capacity.
Hispanic students who came to Florida as teenagers are asking lawmakers for instate college tuition.
RICHMOND, Calif. - Richmond police are increasing patrols after three home invasion robberies in consecutive nights.
Tropical Storm Nicole is causing havoc along America's east coast with New York the latest city to receive a battering.
Vivek Oberoi, who's often been bogged with controversies and stories of rivalry with other stars in the film industry, is presently on a high thanks to his coming marriage with Priyanka Alva, daughter of a Janata Dal leader, Dr Jeevaraj Alva, in October this year.
Two suspected SIMI activists have been arrested for allegedly holding a camp meeting of the banned outfit at Panayikkulam near Aluva here in 2006.
``Clearly, the amount of crack he ingested can kill a person,'' Deputy Chief Dave Ernest said.
Aurobindo Pharma said that it received final approval from US FDA for Lamotrigine tablets of 5 mg and 25 mg strengths.
Bradley Wiggins has admitted that Chris Froome would be a major rival on the Tour de France if the fellow Brit raced for a different team.
Prince William arrives at London's Westminster Abbey for the royal wedding.
A drunk US father allowed his 8 year-old son to drive his pickup truck on a highway during the weekend while he slept, until patrol officers pulled over the boy, police said.
An international coalition launched its first strikes on Libya on Saturday to destroy the country's air and missile defense systems and prevent attacks by the Libyan government against civilians, including those in the rebel-held city of Benghazi.
Smith County firefighters are battling a large blaze to save multiple houses on County Road 370.
A senior Myanmar diplomat has defected to the US, warning that oppression is rising in his homeland despite elections touted by the dominant military as a transition to democracy.
Adobe has released its second critical patch in a week for Flash to cover six vulnerabilities.
Tokyo, Japan, February 4, 2010 th ACCESS CO., LTD., a global provider of advanced software technologies to the mobile, beyond-PC and digital TV markets, today announced that it has become a supporter of HbbTV, a major pan-European initiative aimed at harmonizing the broadcast and broadband delivery of news, information and entertainment to consumers through connected TVs and set-top boxes.
Vic and Jeanette Miller, Defiance, are celebrating their 50th anniversary.
Carles Puyol could leave Barcelona unless he is given a settled role in the team and is not over-looked for crucial games like last season, his agent has warned.
China Thursday promised $20 billion in credit to Africa as President Hu Jintao called for closer ties and increased trade with the African nations.
India is planning to extend visa on arrivals to citizens of 16 more countries, including Germany, France, Russia, Brazil and Malaysia.
FRANK Lampard scored a late penalty to give Chelsea a 2-1 win over last-place Portsmouth that restored their three-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
POSCO, the world's largest steelmaker, said Tuesday it has completed its first steel plant in India.
Mazda has introduced a new sporty Takuya special edition range for the Summer featuring evocative styling and high-levels of standard equipment representing excellent value for money to customers.
A North Troy man was charged with home improvement fraud after allegedly taking a $2,600 down payment on a project that has gone unfinished.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has approved three companies to operate as market makers in the Nigeria's capital market.
The Masterworks Chorale at Shepherd University will hold auditions for `Carmina Burana.
Toomer apologized on Thursday, sending an email out to some reporters for his Gestapo comment.
McDonalds restaurant tries fine dining Updated: 07:30, Thursday February 7, 2013 A New South Wales McDonalds outlet near Wollongong is trying to convince customers to drop in for some fine dining.
A former governor dies from complications related to Parkinson's disease years after campaigning for legal assisted suicide in Washington State.
A Farmington man has pleaded not guilty in district court to raping and sexually abusing a 7-year-old girl.
Johannesburg - World football governing body FIFA announced Monday that Ravshan Irmatov will referee the World Cup semi-final between Uruguay and the Netherlands on Tuesday, with Viktor Kassai in charge of the semi-final between Germany and Spain the following day.
The NFL and college football jerseys of the late John Small, of Augusta, were stolen in a residential burglary, Richmond County sheriff's investigators said Friday, and police are asking the public's help in locating them.
2013-01-29T00:05:00Z 2013-01-29T12:17:40Z Most projects in $100 million bonding bill draw supportBy CHARLES S. JOHNSON IR State Bureau Helena Independent Record There was widespread support Monday for all but one of the nine proposed state building projects that would be funded by the state issuing nearly $100 million in bonds.
Civil liberty advocates said the new law in Ohio that gives police leeway to force a blood or urine test on certain drivers suspected of driving under the influence is unconstitutional.
Today saw a great game in the 2010 World Cup, and you should definitely watch Ivory Coast v Portugal highlights online if you want to see a good match!
After having done it on Sunday, shortly after the final, in which Angola beat Senegal by 62-54, the Head of State renewed congratulations to the African champions for the title, considering ``the promising youngsters have shown courage, tenacity and ability to overcome all odds''.
Zimbabwe police opened fire and injured three farm workers who had accompanied their principal to check on his Stockdale Citrus Estate farm in Chegutu.
President Bush has signed an energy bill into law which is aimed at reducing US dependence on foreign oil.
Miami Heat center Jamaal Magloire and Detroit's Jonas Jerebko have been suspended by the NBA for their altercation in a preseason game.
Internet search titan Google, technology giant Apple and software firm Microsoft are among the most discussed technology brands in India, dominating most of the online conversations, a latest survey has found.
DREAMS have come true this summer for four Stourbridge dancers who have been picked to perform with the English Youth Ballet.
Josh Beckett will throw off a mound Monday in Fenway Park, Red Sox manager Terry Francona said, one week after the Red Sox right-hander sprained his right ankle in Toronto.
Tasmanian small business owners and leaders have called for a government review of penalty rates which they say are crippling the retail and hospitality sectors.
John Cook of the United States took a one-stroke lead in the Senior British Open on Saturday, shooting a 4-under 67 to capitalize on Bruce Vaughan's midround collapse.
The League of Women Voters of South Carolina is holding its biennial convention Saturday and Sunday.
HP today quickly dropped its planned lawsuit against Mark Hurd for joining Oracle.
More military reinforcements reached Swat on Wednesday morning as the ongoing operation against militants intensified in the valley, sources said.
An associate of former NBA player Manute Bol says Bol has died at a Virginia hospital, where he was being treated for severe kidney trouble and a painful skin condition.
Asda has introduced onsite fitness classes in response to employee suggestions about how the retailer can help them lead healthier lifestyles.
Barroco, a Colombian and Latin American restaurant with another location is in Lakewood, recently opened a small cafe on W. 6th Street to bring its signature Latin American street food to the Warehouse District.
Chrysler is getting $300 million less from the Treasury Department in debtor-in-possession financing for its stay in bankruptcy protection, according to Reuters.
Ecuador on Monday broke off diplomatic ties with Colombia and Venezuela says it will expel Colombia's ambassador after that country conducted a strike against leftist rebels inside Ecuador.
Scientists have discovered a new mammal in the Caribbean.
Russia must vote for Vladimir Putin in presidential elections as it needs a ``Tsar'' and not a manager as Head of State, the head of a powerful Russian region said in comments reported Wednesday.
Ford is taking aim at Lexus with a new Lincoln luxury sedan that goes on sale this fall.
PALM SPRINGS, Calif. Two men were arrested in Palm Springs Tuesday, accused of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
IT research and development firm MindTree has acquired over 14% in Aztecsoft through market purchase transaction route for Rs52.75 crore, ahead of its open offer for acquiring 20% stake.
A Riverside Elementary School teacher accused of shooting her estranged husband has been released on bail.
Philips Healthcare has received a warning letter from federal regulators stating that the company's Highland Heights division has not adequately fixed a list of 16 procedural violations identified during an inspection that took place during the second half of 2010.
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd unveiled a financial reform plan Monday that aims to strengthen regulation and increase the role of the Federal Reserve.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd. announced on Friday that it will recall 1.5 million cars and small SUVs in the United States to repair software that controls the automatic transmission.
A man pleaded guilty today to killing a 19-month old child in Lawrence Park last December.
HFF announced today that it has arranged an $85 million refinancing for The Houstonian Hotel , Club & Spa , an 18.34-acre urban resort in Houston, Texas .
PJ's Bar-BQ has officially opened its doors.
Peshawar, Feb 4 Mortar shells apparently fired by security forces in Afghanistan landed in Pakistan''s northwestern tribal region today though there were no reports of casualties, officials said.
NELSON has the lowest house prices in the United Kingdom for key public sector workers, according to new figures from the Halifax.
With the Golden League operating under National League rules this season, managers all across the board are feeling like rookies again.
Mumbai, Dec 1 The top brass of Mumbai police overlooked the standard operating drill during 26/11 attack, the Ram Pradhan probe said, adding there was also ``total confusion'' in the Maharashtra government in processing of Central intelligence alerts of possible strikes in this City.
The Chinese central bank raised its interest rates for the third time this year on Wednesday amid high inflationary pressures.
The Department of Business at Misericordia University recently hosted regional business executives for a series of lectures and presentations on campus.
Three mobile broadband deals are the most popular mobile broadband deals in UK that are known for providing complete satisfaction to the users.
An Arizona boy has died of complications from the flu, but health officials said Wednesday that it's not a sign of an early or particularly severe season.
Police report that the pilot in a small plane crash on Cape Cod has died.
Windsor tells opposition to 'put up' Updated: 04:27, Tuesday May 1, 2012 Independent MP Tony Windsor says the Opposition Leader's claims he has no confidence in the government should be tested in parliament.
Police in Connecticut said an unmanned, runaway excavator demolished a shed, knocked over trees, flattened a pop-up camper and smashed into a house.
Patricia Arquette has filed for divorce, putting an end to her two-year marriage to ``The Punisher'' star Thomas Jane.
The council tax rise in Northamptonshire could remain the lowest in the country if councillors approve draft budget plans put before them this afternoon.
Malaysian Minister for International Trade and Industry Mohd Yassin has assured Bangladesh of his government' s all possible cooperation regarding visas of 55,000 Bangladeshi workers.
POMONA, Calif. Melanie Troxel had a 4.105-second pass Friday in hot conditions to take the provisional Funny Car pole in the Auto Club NHRA Finals, the sixth and final race in the Countdown to 1 playoffs.
Republican Attorney General Bill McCollum plans to announce Monday that he's running for governor instead of seeking a second term, a political source close to McCollum said Thursday.
The Rolling Stones founding member Brian Jones had reportedly slept with 64 girls in 19 days when they toured the US in 1964.
Bobbi Kristina is set to star in a reality show about her family, and although her father Bobby Brown knows the constant camera on the family can be pressurising, he has no doubt his daughter can handle the spotlight.
United Airlines said Monday it promoted a veteran executive to the new position of senior vice-president for corporate strategy and business development.
In a pre-recorded message, aired on the deputy PM's weekly phone-in show, the Tory Mayor said: ``Hi Nick, it's Boris from Islington. I just want to ask: When are you going to get all those Government ministers out of their posh limos?''
Three adults and a juvenile have been charged in a baseball bat attack that left two teenagers hospitalized.
Actress Shin Se Kyung discussed her friendship with members of Girls' Generation on June 9th's broadcast of KBS2's 'Entertainment Relay'.
Hart Energy announced today two executive promotions as an initial step in the further expansion of its research and consulting group.
Azerbaijan has a big desire in the alternative energy sphere, and Europe has ample opportunities in this sphere.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc, known for its mall-based apparel chain geared to teens, said on Thursday it was setting its sights on an even younger market, launching a new children's brand called 77kids by american eagle.
Michael Owen scored his seventh English Premier League football goal of the season on Sunday to help Newcastle beat Portsmouth 3-0 and lift it out of the relegation zone.
President Mahmoud Abbas arrived in Japan on Thursday for the first leg of an international tour.
Starz has renewed its Spartacus series for a third season ahead of the premiere of season two, Spartacus:
Australia forward Dario Vidosic is aware that head coach Pim Verbeek knows what is best when selecting the final 23 players to represent the nation at the World Cup.
Google has changed the tagline on its Palestinian edition from 'Palestinian territories' to 'Palestine,' thereby acknowledging the UN's decision to award the region non-member observer status, VoR Reported.
AOL is to cut 700 jobs or 10 percent of its workforce as the economic downturn reduces advertising income, the company announced Wednesday in an email to employees.
THREE days after Denise 'Mini' Hodge of St. Pauls was stabbed in the chest, two sisters were charged with wounding her with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
Wake County emergency workers confirmed that a tornado touched down in southwest Raleigh.
Lebanese groups are to meet in Qatar on Friday for talks brokered by the Arab League aimed at restoring calm to the country after clashes between pro-government forces and the opposition.
In 2011, the Army will test and evaluate new ground combat systems built by a Boeing-led team as part of Brigade Combat Team Modernization Increment One.
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa was re-elected to a third term in office on Sunday in a vote that showed the broad popularity of his government's social programs.
Concerns have been raised that the UK might struggle to meet its packaging recycling targets for 2008 following the sharp fall in demand for recovered materials, writes Caelia Quinault.
The Yankees announced new titles for members of the Steinbrenner family on Thursday, modifying the structure of the club's ownership going forward.
FITNESS First hopes to sell 24 out of its 97 Australian clubs following a major restructure of its parent company in the UK.
Buses will replace trains on the Western Line this Sunday to allow pre-Rugby World Cup 2011 tidy up activities on the rail network.
``I will fight to prove my innocence until the end, no matter how long it takes,'' Contador said.
BiGDUG, one of the UK's leading suppliers of high quality storage and shelving products, have announced a new range of wall rack storage units available to buy through their website.
Mitt Romney is set to clinch the Republican presidential nomination with a win in the Texas primary, a triumph of endurance for a candidate who came up short four years ago and had to fight hard this year as voters flirted with a carousel of GOP rivals.
Multiple shots fired into a home on Grand Rapids' southwest side.
The New Zealand dollar declined as commodity prices fell and weaker US stock prices prompted investors to spurn higher-yielding currencies.
Retail stocks were mixed Friday after revised government data on the US economy showed weaker consumer spending and a major winter storm in the Northeast may further hurt traffic and sales as retailers are about to close their registers for the month.
An Alabama man has been arrested here for identity theft and forgery of documents in an attempt to get a driver's license.
General Motors Corp. said yesterday it was recalling 944,000 vehicles because of a problem with a windshield wiper fluid system that could lead to a fire.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo was in Buffalo today presenting his budget to WNY.
London, March 4 Italian designer Roberto Cavalli might face legal action as his licensing company Ittierre SpA has filed a lawsuit against him.
AirClic introduced an all-in-one ruggedized data capture device for mobile field workers to capture critical activities in the field easily and affordably.
Physicists may have glimpsed a particle that is a leading candidate for mysterious dark matter but say conclusive evidence remains elusive.
Citigroup is repaying $20 billion in bailout funds it received from the Treasury Department, in an effort to reduce government influence.
FILM stars Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married in secret after a whirlwind nine-month romance.
Apple has released Mac OS X 10.5.6 today and everyone running a Mac OS should go for the update.
Italy-based coffee brand, Lavazza has opened its first coffee shop ``Lavazza Espression'' in India at Connaught Place, New Delhi.
The Greek market closed at a historical low on Friday amidst concerns over the political uncertainty in Greece ahead of a repeat election that may not produce a clear winner or form a coalition government.
US Vice President Joe Biden arrived here on Monday afternoon, kicking off his visit to Ukraine, which is aimed to show Washington's continued support for the country's westward drive.
A FEASIBILITY study into a high speed broadband service for Stow has been agreed by the town council.
The draft military doctrine of Azerbaijan was sent to the parliament, member of the parliament's security and defense committee Zaid Oruj told APA.
A Japanese woman went on a stabbing rampage at a crowded train station wounding seven men after failing to slash her own wrist, police said Tuesday.
Two 16-year-old girls were sexually assaulted in a home invasion in Picton early on Sunday morning, police say.
Carr meets world leader in US and Europe Updated: 13:44, Monday April 9, 2012 Foreign Minister Bob Carr will have his first meetings with the who's who of world leaders during a tour of the US and Europe.
In his weekly media availability after Wednesday's practice, Oregon quarterback Darron Thomas said he's expecting to play Saturday at Colorado.
Travelzoo Inc., a global Internet media company, today surpassed 24 million subscribers worldwide.
HOSPITAL chiefs have defended a recent recruitment drive in Portugal amid claims the new staff have taken jobs which Wycombe nurses thought would be theirs.
An infrastructure career expo offering 1,000 posts will be held from March 24 to 26, Secretary for Development Carrie Lam says.
Asian stocks were mostly higher Friday ahead of a critical US jobs report but China's market slipped after the country took fresh steps to slow lending and prevent its economy from overheating.
``According to surveys conducted in 2009, only 9% of SME registered in Armenia can export their products,'' Makaryan told a press conference on December 14.
The Sunni Waqf Board says it will appeal in the Supreme Court against the Ayodhya verdict delivered today in Lucknow.
ARGYLE boss Peter Ridsdale is suing under-fire tabloid the News of the World over hacking claims.
ConAgra Foods Inc. said on Wednesday that it has sold the Knotts Berry Farm food brand to the JM Smucker Co.
Last week, DGH asked RIL to drill more wells in the D6 gas fields as part of the programme that includes spending on the fields for the current fiscal.
The Freethinkers of Colorado Springs and Focus on the Family will co-sponsor a local debate titled Are We One Nation Under God? at 7 pm, Wednesday, April 23.
Congresswoman Michele Bachmann has hired former state Republican chairman Ron Carey to be her new chief of staff.
A 59-year-old former bank employee has been charged with fraud over $5,000 and laundering the proceeds of crime after allegedly defrauding 31 senior citizens from across Canada of more than $205,000.
The Holiday Inn on the Lane closed its doors for good on Monday afternoon, but it didn't happen without a little difficulty.
Solazyme face cream conference will be attended by the team at Free face cream Ltd. The news has received a number of comments on the forum that is attached to the site.
There is growing speculation today that RTE economics editor George Lee is set to contest the Dublin South by-election for Fine Gael.
CBS News reports on Friday that a small plane crashed into a Florida parking lot this afternoon leaving all three people onboard dead.
Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic called today on Egyptian businessmen to invest in Serbia and stressed that they should take advantage of the excellent political relations between the two countries to promote economic cooperation.
No. 15 Georgetown rallies for 62-55 win over Cincy The Bearcats got their largest crowd of the season rocking by overcoming a 12-point deficit against a team that was deep in foul trouble.
A LANDLORD has been ordered to repay rent to students who lived in his house.
Two heartless teens shoved an octogenarian onto the train tracks in a Brooklyn subway station when he chased them for swiping his iPhone, police said.
Within two weeks of Galion's change to a mayoral government, four Galion city employees resigned.
LivingSocial is raising upwards of $400 million in new funding, according to a new regulatory filing.
Besides the success of efforts of having Speaker of the House of Representatives Agung Laksono maintain his position as president of the Asian Parliamentary Assembly, the Indonesian parliamentary delegation also proposed the setting up of an Asian monetary fund.
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei has endorsed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his second term in office.
Fonterra says it will never know whether it was misled into believing that the Chinese Government knew of the contaminated-milk scandal last month.
Graham James' sentence is too short, said the brother of the disgraced junior hockey coach in a letter written to the Calgary Sun. Bernie Madoff, the former American businessman who pleaded guilty to a $65-billion Ponzi scheme ``is in jail for 150 years for stealing people's money. Graham stole much more than that from his victims, their childhoods, their lives, their dreams and just got a few years,'' Rusty James wrote.
The Merle Haggard concert scheduled for tonight at the Town Toyota Center has been postponed.
The town could go without a manager for the next month, unless selectmen decide to fill the position temporarily.
The US Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics released data Wednesday that shows Spokane workers earn 5% less than the national average.
The Australian share market has bounced back from Friday's losses, jumping 2 per cent in morning trade.
Gran Tierra Energy Inc., a company focused on oil and gas exploration and production in South America, announced today that it plans to release its financial and operating results the evening of Monday, August 8, 2011 and host its second quarter 2011 results conference call on Tuesday, August 9, 2011 at 8:00 am Mountain Time.
As many as 149 police offices that were damaged during insurgency in Mid-Western Development Region are yet to be reconstructed.
Two laptops worth Rs. 71,000, belonging to belonging to Nishant Kumar Mehta, were reported stolen in a house break-in.
Chelsea defender David Luiz has accepted the apology of Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero, according to ESPN.
It was 50 years ago, and I haven't forgotten that incident that helped form the core of my values.
Scientists at the National Ignition Facility in Livermore are attempting to create an artificial sun on Earth an achievement that will provide answer to the worlds impending energy shortage.
April 18, 2013 In a symbolic move, Yemenis on Thursday began to dismantle protest tent camp in the capital, Sanaa, and other cities across the country, declaring the end of their revolution.
The DNA on backpacks can lead to the bomber and not the one on bomb fragments themselves, new research shows.
Oil prices hovered near $71 a barrel on Wednesday in Asia after a weakening US dollar sent crude soaring overnight.
Plain water is as much a beauty product as the expensive skin tonic you buy for your face, say experts.
Mad Men,`` a piercingly bleak portrait of a 1960s American anti-hero, earned a leading 17 Emmy nominations Thursday and the chance to set a new record as the most-honored drama in television history.
Chelsea fullback, Ashley Cole has revealed his ankle injury is so bad he struggles to walk sometimes.
A Belleville psychiatrist received a 30-month prison sentence Thursday after he admitted to defrauding Medicare of $1.755 million.
MidFirst Bank has completed the final phase of acquisition and consolidation of Presidential Financial Corporation, an Atlanta-based senior lender providing growth capital to businesses and healthcare providers.
Katy Perry and John Mayer were recently spotted getting cozy at a Rolling Stones concert in Newark, New Jersey.
A Buffalo man shot by a police officer after he pulled a gun and ran, is set to be sentenced.
President Barack Obama pledged to bring change to Washington, but he is continuing one of the capital's most entrenched traditions: rewarding political supporters with ambassadorships.
North Korea appeared to have launched a rocket on Sunday, Japan's government said, although it was not immediately clear if it had launched the long-range version that the United States, Japan and South Korea have said would be a disguised missile test.
The farmers have called upon the government for expediting jute purchase through the jute mills and the purchasing agencies of Bangladesh Jute Mills Corporation to ensure fair price of the fibre.
Jamaican sprinter Steve Mullings has been found guilty of a doping offence at a hearing looking into his positive test of a banned substance at the National Track and Field Championships in June.
Pulsars like the one at the heart of the Crab Nebula can now be used to measure the mass of planets.
Ken Russell has died aged 84 it is announced Monday Nov. 28, 2011.
Self-motivated authors are increasingly asking ``How do I publish an e-book?''
A report in USA Today says penny slots have become the most popular form of betting during the recession.
Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on its common stock.
Workers renovating Maracana Stadium for the 2014 World Cup have ended a strike following a judge's ruling against them last week.
NEW ORLEANS ― The Hornets re-signed Sean marks, keeping some consistency to a front line that added Emeka Okafor earlier this summer.
Urban coyotes are 100 percent monogamous, according to a new study, which shows that once the coyotes find their mate, they stay with each other until they pass away.
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi will co-host the GOP presidential debate on Fox News this weekend, according to a press release distributed by the Republican Party of Florida this morning.
Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, issued its second profit warning in three months yesterday blaming a ``sharp pull back'' in global consumer spending over the past few weeks.
A tanker truck overturned early this morning in South Baltimore, causing a hazardous materials situation.
Fortuna Dusseldorf have parted company with coach Norbert Meier following the Westphalian club's relegation to the second division.
AAA announces the launch of its new senior safety and mobility Web site, www.AAASeniors.com.
A concerned father last night said he feared a child could be killed unless Moray Council imposed a reduced speed limit outside his home.
A 39-year-old man died this week from meningococcal disease, according to the County Health and Human Services Agency.
Governor Pat Quinn announced Tuesday the first investments from the state's new venture capital fund to support two Illinois start-up businesses.
Barnes & Noble said Tuesday it's putting itself up for sale.
As per reports and information from our sources, ConocoPhillips fire personnel were battling a small blaze at the company's oil refinery in Wilmington on Sunday morning, according to security officers at the facility.No injuries were reported and there were no evacuations ordered, security officers said.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, Hema Malini, Smriti Irani and a host of others will campaign for the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party in Madhya Pradesh.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families today until the two countries can agree on procedures, the Foreign Ministry said.
Four persons have been arrested in the national capital for allegedly cheating people by running a racket for selling dummy cell phones, cameras and other electronic items.
Governor Paul Daza told reporters in an interview at his office here that more local and foreign tourists are now visiting Biri this summer to enjoy the beauty of the island.
Walgreen will pay $6.7 billion in cash and stock to buy a stake in European health and beauty retailer Alliance Boots in the first international venture for the largest US drugstore chain.
Humanitarian aid Bulgaria sent to Ukraine to fight the flu epidemic is worth around EUR 18,000, Anton Kisse, president of the Association of Bulgarians in Ukraine, announced for FOCUS News Agency.
AT&T will launch the Samsung Galaxy Note in carbon blue and ceramic white beginning 19 February.
Fernandina Beach Commissioners have decided to buy a plot of land to stop a hotel from being built there.
Eight people were killed and seven injured after an iron ore mine collapsed in East China's Fujian province Friday afternoon, local authorities said Saturday.
With Andhra Pradesh assembly polls scheduled in April, the TDP on Thursday released its draft manifesto, promising an ``innovative'' cash transfer scheme at the rate of Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 per month and free colour television sets for families living below the poverty line.
Britney Spears turns 31 on December 2.
ABC announces its summer schedule, with the return ``The Bachelorette'' on Monday, May 24; ``True Beauty'' on Monday, May 31; a special two-hour blind date-themed episode of ``Wipeout'' on Tuesday, June 1, before the premiere on Tuesday, June 22; ``Dating in the Dark'' on Monday, August 9, and ``Shaq VS'' on Tuesday, August 10.
Due to renewed interest, the Friends of Edgemont volunteer group is re-forming in an effort to have a positive impact on the park and on the community in general.
EMI have been taken over by US bank Citigroup, reducing it's debts in the process.
The Australian government will mull increasing the mandatory contribution rate from the current level of 9%.
RIO FERDINAND is playing through the pain barrier as he bids to help Manchester United land an historic European and domestic double.
``I know many would like me to be one, but no, I'm not a lesbian. I like men a lot.''
Drury University students will provide free tax preparation through an IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance site.
Tenesol, the global solar power provider, is bringing power to more than 163,000 people in Morocco for the first time.
Straight talking ex-cop Cam Stokes says gangs are here to stay.
Deutsche Bank downgraded Time Warner Cable from Buy to Hold with a price target of $99.00 following Q4 results and outlook.
GREAT weather and eager riders combined to make the recent second annual chaplaincy bike ride an outstanding success.
The Nation has won the award of ``The Best Newspaper in the Promotion of the Amnesty Programme,'' in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital.
TOOLS worth £5,500 have been stolen in a raid on a rural property near Winchester -- the second such burglary in a fortnight.
(Stations: Please substitute the following for second item of V2059, slugged AP-Right Now, which moved at 4:24 pm Eastern time.
With online voting for the NBA All-Star Game ending Monday, Phoenix Suns' Amar'e Stoudemire makes one last push to get your vote.
For the first time in the company's thirty-plus year history, Apple has overtaken Microsoft in market capital.
Old hockey gear finds a new home up north, thanks to an initiative by Onoway Coun.
CountryFest celebration kicks off Friday, Sept. 7, with the Teen Block Party from 8 to 11 pm The teen block party is for all youth in middle and high school.
The jury met at 8:45 am at the Asotin County Courthouse and began deliberating Hilton's fate a short time later.
``I hope to be able to get the chance to say hello to Obama,'' Escudero said Tuesday.
The Czech Republic and Slovakia have agreed to form a joint military unit of 1,500 soldiers, reports said Saturday in Prague-based newspapers.
South Korea is to cut import tariffs on oil products to help ease inflationary pressure on consumers and companies, officials said Tuesday.
EU diplomats in Baroness Ashton's new foreign service are earning up to £188,000 a year and entitled to up to 15 weeks holiday, according to an investigation.
Costa Khaiseb has been banned by coach Tom Saintfiet from the Brave Warriors for being drunk and assaulting him in public.
Film-maker Roman Polanski was arrested in Switzerland on a 31-year-old US arrest warrant, the Zurich Film Festival said in a statement on Sunday.
Acquity Group LLC, a leading global Brand eCommerce™ and digital marketing company, announced today that it has recently expanded its Seattle office to accommodate strong growth in the region.
The Department of Justice has filed a request asking the US Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan to block the outline of AMR's merger with US Airways, partly due to the $19.9M severance package that would be paid to outgoing AMR CEO Tom Horton.
Tetra Tech Inc. has won a $119 million contract from the US government to help the local government in Afghanistan's capital deliver public services, the company said Tuesday.
NATO did not claim responsibility over the nuclear weapons installed in Turkey during the cold war against the Soviet threat.
Former Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda was today beaten up in jail, allegedly by prison officials.
Australia have called George Smith, Jesse Mogg and Ben Tapuai into camp ahead of the second Tom Richards Cup Test against the British & Irish Lions at Etihad Stadium in Melbourne on Saturday.
A Paris court convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud and fined it more than euro 600,000 on Tuesday but stopped short of banning the group as prosecutors had demanded.
Cosatu has dropped its Equality Court complaint against Western Cape Premier Helen Zille, saying it recognises her commitment to gender equality.
Chelsea boss Rafael Benitez reopened his feud with Sir Alex Ferguson by accusing the Manchester United manager of snubbing his attempt to shake hands before the start of the FA Cup quarter-final at Old Trafford.
On Friday, the Indians signed the former Twins backup catcher to a major-league contract.
Exillon Energy has increased production by over 200% and plans to drill more than 20 wells in 2011.
Brian Cowen has said he will continue with his job as Taoiseach and Fianna Fáil leader and will seek a dissolution of the Dáil after the current budgetary process is complete.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has spoken of his pride at having the rainbow flag soaring above his office in Whitehall and says: ``I look forward to one day seeing the rainbow flag fly over every government building and above parliaments across the world -- maybe Russia, Uganda or Yemen.''
NEW YORK -HBO has renewed the raunchy, dark comedy series ``Eastbound & Down'' for a second season.
A 12-year-old boy has been charged with pointing a firearm after a girl said the boy shot her with an Air Soft gun during an altercation Jan. 25, police said.
The euro and global stocks fell on Wednesday after ratings agency Fitch called on the European Central Bank to do more to solve the currency bloc's debt crisis, unnerving investors ahead of auctions for Spanish and Italian bonds later in the week.
QuEST Global, a leading provider of outsourced engineering services and manufacturing, will be participating in Aero India 2009 which will be held in Bangalore at the Air Force Station, Yelahanka from 11th to 15th February 2009.
A seven-hour-long district hartal called by the Opposition Left Democratic Front on Wednesday in protest against the alleged ``laxity'' in implementing a comprehensive rehabilitation and relief scheme for endosulfan victims and their families evoked mixed response.
Lucas Oil Products, an industry leader in lubricants and fuel treatments, has been named a presenting sponsor of the Mac Tools US Nationals, the world's most prestigious drag race.
Richmond has beaten Carlton by 31 points, with veteran Shane Richardson kicking five goals in the opening match of the AFL season.
Venezuela's President Hugo Chávez has signed the law to nationalize local steelmaker Sidor and set June 30 as the date for the handover, state news agency ABN reported.
``It is clear from the scenes we are witnessing in Tripoli that the end is near for Qadhafi.
Shahbaz Taseer, son of later Governor Punjab Salmaan Taseer, was abducted from the Gulberg area of Lahore.
Cuba will expand its forest area by 2015 as part of a reforestation project of over 270 hectares which includes the planting of production and conservation species.
Manchester United say they had no option but to take legal action against an anti-Glazer protester who they allege posted details of 400 of the club's corporate clients on the internet.
Geneticists have revealed that Transposons or 'jumping genes', which create genomic instability and are implicated in cancer and other diseases, make up roughly half of the human genome.
ZIMBABWE has made an impressive start on an economic recovery plan which warrants support from the international community, African Development Bank President Donald Kaberuka said on Thursday.
The US senate has passed a food safety bill yesterday that will give the government new powers to increase inspections of food processing facilities and force companies to recall tainted food.The US$1.4bn bill, which passed with a vote of 73 to 25, will also mean stricter standards for imported foods.
Al and Tipper Gore separate after 40 years of marriage.
Hits don't necessarily make an actor successful says Telugu star Aadi Pudipeddi, who with two back-to-back hits feels unsatisfied because he says he has a long way to go before he can bask in success.
Jessica Simpson should be looking forward to thearrival of her first child but it has been revealed that she is secretly terrified of being alone when she gives birth.
Minister of State for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution KV Thomas on Wednesday said the government had taken adequate steps to control spiralling food inflation.
HBO took the bold move Tuesday of renewing ``Game of Thrones'' after airing just a single episode.
Venezuela President Hugo Chavez get special parlimentary powers to pass a number of laws.
``Early Show resident chef Bobby Flay won the food fray Sunday night on Food Network's ''Iron Chef America.
The Parliament security detected a toy pistol that had been inadvertently brought into the premises on Wednesday in a car belomging to a civil contractor, indicating an improved level of scrutiny in view of terror alerts.
Oregon forests will receive $29 million in Recovery Act funds for facility infrastructure, energy efficiency upgrades and trail maintenance.
German Vice Chancellor and Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle on Thursday said he expected the euro to remain stable, counting on a return of confidence after today's agreement on support for the financially troubled Greece.
Kim Kardashian is reportedly ``terrified'' of gaining too much weight during her pregnancy as she has been craving sweet treats.
The number of mortgage fraud reports among loans made last year grew 26 percent from a year earlier, says a study released Monday by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.
In a great rematch to their great 2004 fight, Manny Pacquaio beat Juan Manuel Marquez by split decision tonight in Las Vegas.
A Marine Corps scout sniper will be posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for combat heroism in a ceremony at Camp Pendleton Friday, base officials announced today.
Shillong, Jan 27 His boys struggling after a dream run in the recent Federation Cup, Lajong FC coach Stanley Rosario says too many matches have affected performance of the team.
LOS ANGELES - Sarah Jessica Parker says she's concerned for the safety and well-being of the surrogate through whom she and husband Matthew Broderick are expecting twins.
Verizon posted a video on Tuesday that showed its Boston-area 4G LTE network running at 8.5M bps downstream.
Ace actor Ashutosh Rana who has given sterling performances in films like Dushman, Sangharsh, Badal and Raaz would soon be appearing in a play whose first show would be held in Varanasi.
After a romantic seventy-two days of marriage and an equally romantic five-hundred and thirty-six days of a raging divorce battle, Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries have finally reached a divorce settlement.
AP Writer Hurricane Humberto crashed ashore along southeast Texas early today, bringing heavy rains and maximum sustained winds of up to 80 mph as it made its way to Louisiana, the National Weather Service said.
Alaska Airlines released a proposed schedule Thursday of passenger flights heading out of Paine Field as part of the airline's preparations to operate as many as 49 passenger flights a week out of the Everett airport.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/ Paul Daly Actor Russell Crowe in St. John's, NL, to tape TV show, perform at concerts ST. JOHN'S, NL - Star watchers in St. John's, NL, are keeping an eye out for a Holywood actor who is no stranger to the city.
Art Linkletter, who encouraged both kids and grownups to say the ``darndest things'' during his decades as a genial and but gently mischievious television personality, has died at age 97.
The Royal Botanic Garden in Edinburgh has announced plans for a £40m revamp project, after receiving £1.5m from the Scottish government.
The spooky antics of what is believed to be a 'ghostly power', troubling a young family in Britain has been caught on video.
Carl Froch is adamant that he has four big fights left in him following his redemption victory over Mikkel Kessler on Saturday night.
Boris Johnson is to stand down today as MP for Henley, triggering a by-election in the Oxfordshire constituency.
The long awaited, ultra luxurious Atlanis, The Palm has officially opened in Dubai, and welcomed in its first guests last Friday.
You Me At Six recently stopped into a Florida mall Apple store to perform a special acoustic set for some of their fans.
PTI May 20, 2013, 08.55PM IST SistemaShyamTeleServices, which provides telecom services under the MTS brand, today said it is still in the customer acquisition mode in both voice and data segments.
Mentors are needed in the greater community to avert a growing crisis of delinquency among youth.
A PROLIFIC thief who was spared jail just eight months ago has been caught in the act again.
Amitabh Bachchan's much-awaited 'Paa', in which Big B plays a 13-year-old boy suffering from progeria that accelerates the ageing process, will release Friday in 20 countries with 700 prints, including digital.
World oil prices retreated in Asian trade Wednesday after topping a two-month high above 49 dollars overnight on concerns over weak global energy demand amid the economic downturn, analysts said.
ORLANDO, Fla. Sanford police say the lead detective in the Trayvon Martin case has been reassigned to the patrol division at his request.
May 12, 2013 North Korea has replaced it hardline defense chief with a little-known army general.
Energy Secretary Steven Chu plans to visit Hanford in June to hold a town hall and other meetings to discuss safety issues with vitrification plant workers.
Two men were arrested in connection with burglary and theft, Jackson County Sheriff Tim Morse said Sunday.
An Orange County deputy sheriff was arrested early Saturday in the Tampa area and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, a jail booking report shows.
South Africa needs about ZAR 23bn to prevent the collapse of its wastewater treatment works, water and environmental affairs minister, Buyelwa Sonjica, told Engineering News.
Former US Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson joins Liazon as an advisor to further awareness of its innovative consumer-centric approach to small business employee benefits.
Jade Goody is a ''battler'' who will keep fighting to beat her spreading cancer, says her grandfather.
The Blues announced their 2008 exhibition schedule on Wednesday.
Victoria Police are appealing for witnesses to what they say was a frenzied and malicious stabbing in Melbourne at the weekend.
She earned her Emmy for her film ``Blood Money: Switzerland's Nazi Gold,'' and has made films about Manhattan's Diamond Center and Russian mail-order brides.
By IANS, (RxPG) New Delhi, Sep 20 - Inspired by Florence Nightingale during her school days, she had wanted to become a nurse.
French consumer price index or CPI rose 1.7% on an annual basis in April, faster than the 1.6% growth in the previous month, the statistical office INSEE said on Wednesday.
Gaston County Schools may have to find a new way to pay for summer school if the district's can't carry over money from this year into the new fiscal year.
An assistant track coach at a Greenville high school is facing sex charges involving a 13-year-old boy.
What Preachers and Atheist have in common is that they can't hold a position in the Tennessee legislature.
A 70-year-old woman was seriously injured after being hit by a vehicle in Clipsham yesterday.
Despite some mixed data over the past couple of months, our view is that the global economic recovery remains on track, both in developed and emerging economies.
Huge fire engulfs Qld shopping centre Updated: 18:33, Saturday November 10, 2012 Firefighters are battling a huge blaze that has destroyed three shopping outlets in north Queensland.
Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, has seen profit and revenue plummet in the three months to the end of June, knocked by falling computer and server sales.
We appreciate your patience as we work through some technical issues that will cause today's PDF e-edition of The Sentinel to be delayed.
The NHS must shift the focus of resources to primary care as the recession impacts on budgets, according to the NHS Alliance.
A man armed with what appeared to be a gun has robbed a pachinko prize exchange booth here of approximately 37 million yen in cash, police said.
Princeton locals were gearing up for game day Thursday, with electronics, snacks and party plans.
Raphael drawing for $24m Updated: 05:44, Wednesday September 5, 2012 A major drawing by Italian Renaissance artist Raphael will go on sale in December with an estimated price between $16 million and $24 million, auction house Sotheby's told Reuters.
Today, amid operations on sick babies, I thought about how some of the smallest and weakest babies have the biggest problem.
UTEK Corp said it has completed a technology transfer in a stock-for-stock transaction with Rim Semiconductor Co, a company that develops technology for telecommunications service providers.
Tropical Storm Nadine is back, like a nasty cold you just can't get rid of.
Alan Dowson is keeping his Kingstonian players in the dark about what they need to do to secure a Ryman Premier League play-off spot.
News Corp. has agreed to form an external diversity council after meeting with civil rights groups about a New York Post cartoon that critics said likened President Obama to a chimpanzee shot by the police.
A CRPF head constable was found dead in a car in Sarojini Nagar area here, police said today.
Multiple Dove-Award winner Francesca Battistelli releases her Christmas record titled simply Christmas.
US cable operator Comcast and modem manufacturer Zoom Telephonics have settled their dispute regarding the testing of Zoom's cable modems intended for sale to consumers at retail outlets and the ability of users to attach Zoom's modems to Comcast's network.
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA First Quantum Minerals Ltd. will pay a final dividend of Cdn $0.54 per share in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2007.
A winter weather advisory has been issued for Tippecanoe County and most of North Central Indiana ahead of a storm moving into the region tonight.
Resorts Casino Hotel and Flower Power Concerts, INC. will present HIPPIEFEST on Saturday, August 7 in the Superstar Theater.
Management and technology consultancy BearingPoint has declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy for its US operations, CEO Ed Harbach announced Wednesday.
International tourist arrivals are set to pass the 1bn mark this year, according to the UN World Tourism Organisation.
The TSX Venture Exchange opened at 1,640.92, down 0.39 of a point from Friday's close.
A VILLAGE pub has gone back to the future as it aims for a new lease of life at the heart of the community.
Affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC announced today that they have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Taminco Group Holdings, the largest independent global producer of alkylamines and their derivatives, from affiliates of CVC Capital Partners for approximately €1.1 billion.
Ainslie wins sixth world sailing title Updated: 05:12, Saturday May 19, 2012 Britain's Ben Ainslie enjoyed a major Olympic Games confidence boost on Friday when he won a sixth world title, taking victory in the Finn class at Falmouth in south-west England.
Hawaiian Airlines has taken possession of the first of up to 27 new, widebody Airbus aircraft that the carrier plans to integrate into its fleet over the coming decade.
Mountain State University is consolidating operations at the private college's Martinsburg campus and is leaving space it recently renovated at Martinsburg Mall, administrators said Thursday.
Matt Rendell has had counselling for alleged racial vilification that cost him his job as recruiting manager at Adelaide.
A 9-year-old Rockford girl has died, days after being pulled from the waters of Lake Michigan.
The Ferris State University student who was found lying unconscious in the snow last month has been upgraded to serious condition.
Malala Day is being observed across the world including Pakistan on Saturday, Nov 10 to express solidarity with Malala Yousufzai, a children rights activist based in Swat for her cause of girl's education.
Google says it is revising its privacy policies and changing how it uses data from users of its services to provide more personalised search results and advertisements.
Claudio Ranieri has told his Roma side to stay united in the wake of a disastrous start to the season.
Mariners general manager Jack Zduriencik said left-hander Erik Bedard should begin throwing off a mound ``pretty soon.''
Cincinnati Reds pitching prospect JJ Hoover pitching against the Cincinnati Reds in the Reds vs Future Reds game.
The 700-odd residents of Khambha-Borada village in Amreli got the biggest shock of their quiet lives when a lion strolled into their main bazaar on Monday at 5 pm.
Manus Is owners want $45m for centre Updated: 11:03, Friday September 21, 2012 Manus Island landowners say they will block an asylum seeker processing facility unless they receive $45 million in compensation.
BISMARCK, ND Bismarck native Greg Eslinger is one of 21 players released by the Houston Texans.
Bird flu has killed a man in northern Vietnam in the country's second death from the illness this year, and health officials warned Thursday that the virus could spread further.
The Buffalo Sabres will take aim at their first three-game winning streak since early October when they visit the rival Montreal Canadiens for tonight's Northeast Division battle at the Bell Centre.
Welsh churches will open their doors this September to share Wales' rich ecclesiastical heritage with the public.
Investment bank JPMorgan has joined Yieldbroker and its online trading platform partnership, with a stake equal to its four existing owners.
Gerhardt is the first woman to surf Maverick's, catching her first wave at the notorious big-wave spot in February 1999.
THE Sydney Roosters have stood down forwards Willie Mason and Nate Myles for breaking the club's strict alcohol policy.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their players awards evening this week despite suffering relegation to the Evo Stik Premier Division.
From his hotel room in France, Kanye West posts a video message, announcing a new rap alias.
The government is planning to cut the family allowance for families with an outstandingly high income next year, Miklos Soltesz, state secretary for social and family affairs, told commercial television channel hirTV on Monday.
Mark Ronson has announced that he is currently working on projects with The Black Lips, Rufus Wainwright and Daniel Merriweather.
State television said Monday that Castro met with the American lawmakers behind closed doors Monday.
Interest rates could stay low for some time and it is still not clear whether the pick-up in the economy will prove durable, Bank of England policymaker Kate Barker was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
French striker Karim Benzema, who scored within seconds of coming on in Real Madrid's 1-1 draw against his former club Lyon on Tuesday, still needs to improve, Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho said Thursday.
Pakistani actress Veena Malik today said that she was losing sleep owing to her packed schedule that includes back-to-back Bollywood movies and her debut Punjabi film.
Tripoli - Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son and one-time heir apparent of toppled Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, will be moved to a Tripoli prison within two months and then face trial, the chairman of Libya's National Transitional Council said on Sunday.
CONTROVERSIAL Rabbitoh and Kiwi hooker Isaac Luke could be in even more trouble, after apparently admitting he deliberately tried to break the leg of England rival Rangi Chase.
Militants attacked a Pakistani military convoy in the country's troubled northwest on Sunday, injuring three soldiers, officials said, a day after a US drone strike killed 10 insurgents.
The Toyota iQ has been named Green Car of the Year 2010 by the Environmental Transport Association today.
A group of illegal immigrants plans to hold a rally at Georgia State University and then participate in an act of civil disobedience.
Mancini concedes EPL title Updated: 09:07, Friday March 29, 2013 Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has finally admitted that his team's defence of their Premier League title is over.
An ethics complaint against a North Platte judge has been dismissed by the Nebraska judicial qualifications commission.
Kuwait is pioneering in seawater desalination projects in the Gulf region and has decades-long success story in this domain, a water desalination expert said Thursday.
He was 71.The Zanu PF Member of Parliament for Masvingo North is said to have collapsed and died at the Great Zimbabwe Hotel Thursday afternoon.
``I love being an aunt,'' Kim told ET while at an event in Las Vegas.
The Central African Republic went to the polls Sunday in a presidential election observers hope will bring stability to a nation hit by decades of violence and coups.
The Midland Theatre recently elected three new members to its board of directors.
A study session turned into an armed robbery over the weekend in Davis, authorities said.
Mumbai Indians stunned Chennai Super Kings by two wickets in an Indian Premier League match at the Wankhede Stadium here on Sunday.
Oh yeah: ''We'll always have Paris.
Veteran Oregon Rep. Darlene Hooley said Thursday she will not run for re-election.
David Cameron sparked baby rumours yesterday when he patted his wife's stomach after his speech.
A woman found dead in a roadside drain on the outskirts of Napier has been identified.
On Somalia, according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, some 60,000 Somalis have returned to Mogadishu since the start of 2009.
India gold futures are seen extending losses for a fifth week in a row on expectations of a stronger dollar overseas, which dims the yellow metal's appeal as an alternative investment, analysts said.
International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde said yesterday that the IMF would pare its global growth forecasts in the next month, adding that a weaker global economy would mean more trouble Japan as the yen would grow strong.
A 28-year-old Pelzer man is facing murder charges after an incident that occured shortly after midnight Thursday, in Piedmont.
A state prison guard was found fatally stabbed outside her Miami home.
A US Navy helicopter crashed in Oman on Thursday and the fate of its five crew members was unknown, the US military said, even as it ruled out hostile activity.
A former Garrison attorney has been disbarred by the North Dakota Supreme court on the grounds of defrauding clients.
An antique steam train engine that sat abandoned in the Northern New York woods for 38 years is chugging along the tracks between Thomaston and Waterbury this weekend.
An Escambia county man is facing up to life in prison after being convicted on child sexual battery charges.
The Ball State University student chapter of the Wildlife Society will offer the public free lessons in wildlife identification and trapping techniques during ``EcoBlitz!'' on Saturday at the John M. Craddock Wetland Nature Preserve.
Actress Shilpa Shetty placed bets of Rs one lakh for an IPL match, Delhi Police claimed Friday even as investigators said they do not believe her husband and co-owner of Rajasthan Royals Raj Kundra's statement that he lost Rs one crore in betting.
Toyota Material Handling USA Inc has expanded its line of large IC pneumatic lift trucks to include four new models, 33,000-, 40,000-, 44,000-, and 51,000-pound capacities at a 36`` load center.
The kickoff to the 2012-13 United Way campaign for Washington Parish was held on Wednesday at Elizabeth Sullivan Memorial United Methodist Church on Avenue B in Bogalusa.
When I was a tadpole and you were a fish In the Paleozoic time, And side by side on the ebbing tide, We sprawled through the ooze and slime, Or skittered with many a caudal flip, Through the depths of the Cambrian fen, My heart was rife with the joy of life, For I loved you even then.
With Wayne Rooney following in David Beckham's footsteps by being dropped for a crucial Champions League tie with Real Madrid, rumours are rife that he could also follow Becks by leaving the club.
The deep depression over southwest Bay of Bengal weakened as a low pressure area and crossed the coast between North Chennai and Nellore in the early hours of today, weather office said here.
Only 60 miles from his hometown of Columbiana, Shelby County native Robert J. Bentley was sworn in Jan. 17 as the 53rd governor of Alabama.
The SEC is committed to maintain the best regulatory practices, ensure investor protection and uphold the integrity of the CSE, she said speaking at the Investment Day 2010 held at the Sirimavo Bandaranaike Memorial Exhibition Centre.
Hockey India will continue to run the game in the country despite Indian Hockey Federation's revival by the Delhi High Court, HI secretary Narinder Batra said here on Saturday.
A new initiative introduced in the capital city on Thursday will bring zip cars to Providence.
Crude charas and opium cultivation in four villages of Bijbehara in Anantnag district was destroyed on Tuesday by the state police here.
Auto giant Chrysler warns of closing all its plants in Canada if it doesn't get help from the government there.
Michael Hunter tied his career high with 22 points to lead UC Irvine past Vanguard 81-73 Saturday night.
CUMBRIAN Kyle Amor admits he faces a big decision over his future after being offered the chance to rejoin Super League champs Leeds Rhinos.
A first of its kind study has found that nearly 80 percent of school waste could be recycled.
The 61 year old sparked concerns when he was hospitalised last month with abdominal pains and treated for inflammation of the colon.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi expanded his cabinet with the induction of 18 ministers here on Friday.
Brett Favre left Lambeau Field just before Green Bay Packers practice Tuesday afternoon, taking a turn out of the back gate away from the field where the rest of his teammates were assembling for afternoon practice.
Pirates took a record 1 181 hostages in 2010 as ship hijackings in waters off Somalia escalated, a global maritime watchdog said Tuesday.
PUPILS at Hamilton primaries learned about Fairtrade issues when Bruce Wilkinson of UNICEF spoke to representatives from their school councils.
Thomson Reuters , the world's leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals, today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Paisley, an industry-leading software provider of governance, risk and compliance solutions, which help multinational corporations, large accounting and consulting firms, and governmental agencies manage financial controls, internal audit processes, and enterprise risk management.
A Romanian soldier was killed and another injured Thursday in a mine blast in Afghanistan, the Romanian Defence Ministry in Bucharest said.
RAINBOW Women Network Fiji believes radio is a safe place to empower women, especially those from marginalised communities.
Minister of State in Prime Minister's Office, V. Narayanasamy, on Friday said Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will present a very good annual budget.
Bosch announced today that it will invest Rs. 2000 crores in its Indian operations between 2010 and 2012.
WATFORD, England -England coach Fabio Capello says he needs to ``improve the minds of the players'' for the team's European Championship qualifying campaign.
Mark Wright praised his gorgeous girlfriend Michelle Keegan when she won the award for Sexiest Soap Star last night.
The County of Grande Prairie has issued a fire ban, effective immediately for all communities within its boundaries.
Former Alaskan governor and potential 2012 presidential contender Sarah Palin has made a gaffe on a radio show by saying North Korea is a US ally.
Snoop Dogg is working on a family sitcom for Warner Bros. where he will be playing the head of a household loosely based on his own!
Health Net of California Brad Kieffer, 818-676-6833 brad.kieffer@healthnet.com or Alvarado Hospital Laura Gilbert, 619-229-3249 laura.gilbert@alvaradohospital.com Alvarado Hospital of San Diego and Health Net of California, Inc. have signed a new agreement that provides Health Net members with access to health care at Alvarado Hospital.
Ecstatic with the phenomenal response that his film on terror has generated, director Kabir Khan now wants to move on to lighter subjects.
Sri Lanka on Tuesday announced it would raise defense spending by over five percent in 2012, more than two years after the government ended a decades-long ethnic conflict with Tamil rebels.
Paul Scharner has warned the Baggies that they must hold on to their star names next month otherwise risk being relegated.
Crews from the RJ Corman Company worked through the night to remove all of the train cars left on the track after a derailment on Highway 1020 in Bullitt County Thursday afternoon.
May 20, 2013 Arizona Cardinals linebacker Daryl Washington has pleaded not guilty to charges accusing him of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, who authorities have said is the mother of his baby daughter.
Russia's nuclear powered icebreakers at their homeport Atomflot a few kilometers north of Murmansk center.
Diego Maradona predicted a victory against Brazil in their World Cup qualifier at Rosario on Sept. 5.
Aug 14 Former Spice Girls member Victoria Beckham is now adding more spice to the reality show American Idol.
LLT Charter High School, named for its focus on leadership, literacy and technology, will close at the end of the school year and will not reopen in the fall.
Western Carolina women's basketball was edged by Georgia Southern 41-40 Saturday at Hanner Fieldhouse.
Assessment scores have improved for students of Lorraine-based USD 328.
The Food and Drug Administration is considering a new plan that would require restaurants to post calorie counts on their menus.
/ The Enquirer/Cara Owsley Aroldis Chapman threw off flat ground today.
Juventus showed no signs of rustiness after a three-week layoff on Sunday, reclaiming the Serie A lead with a dominating 3-0 win over Palermo, as previous leader Udinese lost 2-0 at Parma.
US Sen. Jim Inhofe said Monday that President Bush has damaged his own legacy by asking lawmakers to release the second half of the $700-billion financial rescue bailout.
In June, Frank Rich will leave his post as columnist for the New York Times to join New York Magazine as an political and cultural essayist, online commentator and editor-at-large of a special section.
Sustainable protective packaging manufacturer Geami announces today that Carter-McLeod Paper and Packaging, Inc. has been appointed a Channel Partner for the New England region of the United States.
A Crawford County man has been charged with sexually assaulting two young girls over two years.
Nomura rates Visa as a ``Buy'' with a price target of $172.
Tribute in Light illuminates NYC skyline The New York City skyline has been lit up by twin towers of light.
The key to finding a good job in IT, and every other sector, is making sure that you label your skill set the same way as others do.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that the economy gained 103,000 jobs in September, a report helped by the fact that it counts the end of a Verizon walkout of 45,000 workers as jobs gained for the month.
Taiwan is set to help its Central American ally Belize to tackle food shortage problem.
Funeral Party have revealed that they are in talks to support The Strokes on their upcoming comeback tour.
Ford Motor posted a $8.7bn quarterly loss yesterday as it wrote down the value of truck and SUV operations and cautioned that it did not expect to see a US economic turnaround until 2010.
Mumbai , Apr 4 Gold prices continued to decline for the third consecutive day on the bullion market here today on persistent stockists offerings in view of bearish trend in global markets.
Jodi Arias --who killed her one-time boyfriend, Travis Alexander, over 5 years ago-- was convicted of first degree murder this afternoon and will now face the possibility of the death penalty.
PerezHilton.com has learned exclusively that Brittany Murphy was fired from an upcoming film that was shooting in Puerto Rico.
Nirmal Bang says that for this weekend support for the Nifty continues to be at 5,001 / 4985 and a fall below this point could trigger a major sell-off which could lead the fall towards 4,940 / 4,860, in its report dated 17 December 2009.
One Direction star Harry Styles, who is currently dating Taylor Swift, has reportedly told the country singer that she's ``the one.''
A 22-year-old woman is being held in the Pulaski County Jail on one charge of statutory rape involving a 16-year-old teenager with developmental disabilities.
AM Best Co. has assigned indicative ratings of ``bbb-'' on senior unsecured debt, ``bb+'' on subordinated debt and ``bb'' on preferred stock of Horace Mann Educators Corporation's (NYSE: HMN) $300 million universal shelf registration filed on November 26, 2008 to replace its current $300 million shelf registration, which expired on December, 1, 2008.
AFC Bournemouth striker Alan Connell finally made a return to action this afternoon for the reserves.
Arnott Inc. announced that it has moved into a new, much larger production facility on Florida's Space Coast.
Rockville candle maker Pacific Trade International plans to open its first US manufacturing plant this summer in Glen Burnie, where it hopes to meet a rising demand for its Chesapeake Bay Candle products.
Oklahoma is to host Kansas State for a three-game Big 12 baseball series.
The House today passed the economic development finance conference committee report, but not before a lengthy debate on one provision.
United States Secretary of State, Hillary Rodham-Clinton, will visit South Africa next week as part of her tour to seven countries on the African continent.
But according to a new report, economically speaking we're not as free as we used to be.
No one was injured when a fire destroyed a mobile home in Minnesota City on Sunday afternoon, the Winona County Sheriff's Department reported.
Cold wave continued to grip most of northern India,badly affecting the movement of people.A blanket of fog enveloped the capital New Delhi,further disrupting road, rail and air traffic.
Internet giant Google has just launched a new feature that will allow users to block certain sites from their search results if they aren't providing relevant material.
The New Zealand market closed mixed on Wednesday after trading in positive territory in the morning session.
Mobile gaming market is set to shrink in 2009 after years of surging growth as falling cellphone sales dampen demand, Glu Mobile Chief Executive Greg Ballard said in an interview on Thursday.
A black bear was spotted by several residents Friday morning in the area of Sycamore Canyon Road and Cold Springs Road.
A US drone strike has killed a senior al-Qaida leader in Pakistan's tribal region near the Afghan border, Pakistani intelligence officials said, in the latest blow to the Islamic militant network.
A MAN was killed by a hippo at a lodge on the banks of the Vaal River just outside Klerksdorp in North West, paramedics said yesterday.
Actor Tom Arnold is set to become a first-time dad at the age of 53.
Yahoo added Twitter updates to some search results, such as this one for ``dell.''
Over 7 000 Zimbabweans were deported from South Africa between January and March this year, according to a joint report by the Solidarity Peace Trust and People Against Suffering Oppression and Poverty.
A graduate internship programme run by the University of East Anglia is set to continue after exceeding its original targets and expectations.
RSS candidate Nitin Gadkari will be formally elected as the BJP president tomorrow.
You know that online ads are coming back, but here are a couple of charts that you can use to make your point:
Bahrain has made history by electing its first woman to a municipal council, as the country went to the polls for the second time in a week.
House Speaker Somsak Kiartsuranon said Monday that the four national reconciliation bills would be put on hold until the coalition partners reach a common stand on the issue.
The LG Optimus 2X is now available to pre-order on Vodafone, with shipping expected to begin later this month.
The Women's Club of Webster will hold its general meeting at the Webster Senior Facility on Thursday, Jan. 19.
Pop Singer Britney Spears is upset on boyfriend's flirting wit other girls at a bar.
Although the series pickup had long been a foregone conclusion, FOX has officially sent the Kiefer Sutherland drama ``Touch,'' from ``Heroes'' creator Tim Kring, to series.
The Miami Dolphins have hired Mike Sherman as offensive coordinator and Kevin Coyle as defensive coordinator, moves that bring nearly seven decades of coaching experience to the team's staff.
John Hoover, a revered artist in Alaska who used imagery and tales from Native traditions in contemporary works, has died at 91.
Cow corralled after getting loose in central NY A wayward cow's dip in a central New York pond ends with the animal being lassoed by several volunteer ``cowboys.''
A woman hacked two preschoolers to death with a kitchen knife and injured three other children and a grandmother at a school in southern China, a state news agency says.
``I loved 'Black Swan' and I've always loved Darren Aronofsky.
``Desperate Housewives'' star Eva Longoria filed for divorce from her husband Tony Parker on Wednesday.
CONSUMER sentiment has rebounded in February after the Queensland floods put a short-term dent in sentiment.
A new technique could help keep dust off of solar cells, a major obstacle that reduces the efficiency of photovoltaic panels.
US Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., made the rounds of Sunday talk shows as she prepared to kick off her presidential campaign.
Job openings jumped in April to the highest level in 16 months, a sign that hiring by private employers is healthy despite last week's disappointing jobs report.
The dispute between GHMC & SCR, regarding the transfer of properties in Tarnaka-Sangeeth theatre stretch has come to an end.
Primerica Inc. is selling shares in an IPO at a discount to its competitors, according to a Bloomberg report.
Malaysian electricity utility Tenaga was raised to a ``trading buy'' from ``hold'' by investment bank Kenanga.
The Ukrainian parliament has registered the draft budget for 2010 adopted by the government on Monday.
Dubai has begun construction on the largest canal project in the Middle East for more than a century, joining a list of mega-projects in the Gulf emirate, the official WAM news agency reported.
``Indian rupee may kick start the day with a solid jump around 44.17 vs 44.30 previous day`s close amid following solid rally in Asian currencies against the dollar mostly after PBOC allows a stronger fixing in Chinese Yuan today at below 6.64, the strongest point after it was revalued in July. However on the flip side to this, major currencies are ready for push into negative territory as dollar continues to gain strength from its overnight rally in US. and heavy sell-off in equities as investors choose to pull heavily back from risk. In the major news, Taiwan has taken tightening measures on Tuesday, to bar foreign investors from investing more than 30% of their funds govt bonds with maturities of one year or less just a day ahead of G-20 summit,`` said the brokerage house Anagram.
''I don't dictate to the team at all, that would be silly...
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said on Tuesday the eurozone's financial crisis was ended and economy of the single-currency bloc was recovering.
This year, the 91 students raised $450 for the food bank.
Clontarf maintained their lead at the top of the AIB League Division One with a 26-8 win over Blackrock but Shannon kept up the pressure with their 36-9 win over UCD.
A leading economist says that the SAA signing with the EU has no effect at all on the Serbian economy because it was suspended from the moment it was signed.
``CIS countries will launch new regime of trade since new year,'' the chairman of CIS Executive Committee Sergei Lebedev said at meeting with journalists today.
Republican front-runner Mitt Romney stumbled down the homestretch of the New Hampshire primary Monday, declaring, ``I like being able to fire people who provide services to me'' as his rivals intensified already fierce criticism.
Huron is now No. 2 among Ohio's 88 counties, second only to Williams County, which posted a 16.3 percent unemployment rate.
Wegmans has recalled a Wegmans brand flour because it may contain small blue polyurethane balls, the grocery chain announced Wednesday.
Businesspeople from Turkey and Italy are convening in a four-day conference in Istanbul, looking into ways to further strengthen trade and business ties between the two Mediterranean countries.
Today High Voltage revealed Tournament of Legends, previously titled Gladiator AD, exclusively for Wii.
Starfield Resources Inc. today announced it has closed the previously announced private placement offering of flow-through common shares for gross proceeds of $2.4 million.
Life on Earth began on space, says a new study on meteorite strengthening evidence that biological raw ingredients were carried to the planet in lumps of asteroid rocks.
A 25-year-old man was charged with committing a violent indecent assault on a 53-year-old British woman on the night of 17 May 2008.
Nine persons were killed and over 80 injured in various incidents of violence in Karachi on Friday.
Legendary axeman and music icon Prince is poised to confirm his first Australian tour in decades this week, according to Triple M Rock News reporter Nui Te Koha.
A Human Rights Watch report on Wednesday accused Lebanese police of torturing and raping drugs users, prostitutes and gays in their custody.
The White House says First Lady Michelle Obama is coming to Springfield , Thursday, Feb. 28.
Two Hamilton College athletes were honored by the Liberty League on Feb. 21 when the league announced its weekly award winners.
Angola will have a national institute of water resources and an office of hydro-graphic basins for Zambeze region, the secretary of State for water affairs, Luis Filipe da Silva, announced Monday.
Another iPhone 4 prototype has appeared on eBay, although we are not sure if this one was actually found in a bar, it is currently listed on eBay with a bid of overt $100,000.
On January 18, 2012, visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao met with Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani in Doha.
Bangalore: ``People in today's world have become numb to serious issues. Trees are being cut, People are dying out of starvation, the life of Muslims in Gaza is being devastated; and still, we consider our property more important than anybody else's lives. A Muslim should understand his collective role, his responsibility and call people towards goodness; they should stop others from doing proscribed things'', asserted Dr. Taha Mateen, Managing Director, Acura Hospital.
Head coach Mark Richt marked the occasion by telling his team, in his words, that ``from what I've seen I believe we have a pretty good team.''
US bank Wells Fargo has surprised investors by bucking the recession, saying it expects a record net profit.
A Smithfield business owner was charged with wire fraud Friday at US District Court.
2 adults fatally shot inside Alabama nightclub A police captain says two people have been shot to death inside a nightclub in a suburb of Birmingham, Ala. Hoover police Capt. Jim Coker tells Al.com that the two people were pronounced dead at the scene.
Firebrand conservative Rush Limbaugh ranks former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in a tie at 8 on a scale of 1 to 10 when asked to rate a list of the leading 2012 Republican presidential candidates, according to a Newsweek report.
The Walton County Master Gardeners maintain a daylily demonstration garden near the reflecting pond, at Eden Gardens State Park in Point Washington.
Roger Federer was far from his best but still made comfortable progress to the US Open third round beating Brazil's Thiago Alves.
The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of veteran running back Mike Anderson on Wednesday, freeing up his US$1.8 million salary.
The father of a one-month-old baby has pleaded not guilty in her death.
Japan and India signed a free trade pact Wednesday under which the high-tech nation and the South Asian population giant pledged to scrap tariffs on 94 percent of goods within a decade.
JACKSON, Miss. Police say a pizza delivery driver was robbed and carjacked at gun point outside a north Jackson apartment complex.
Two and a Half Men`` star Jon Cryer on Monday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of FameLOS ANGELES - ''Two and a Half Men`` star Jon Cryer on Monday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and thanked former co-star Charlie Sheen and the show's co-creators for intervening during last season when troubles arose.
Veterans will be honored this coming week with a program at the Knights of Columbus hall.
LONDON -Brian McBride is leaving Fulham of England's Premier League to return to the United States.
MIAMI ― Even though Bill Parcells has given up control of the Miami Dolphins, he says retirement can wait.
HBO has renewed Treme for a fourth and final season, a network spokesperson confirmed Sunday.
Disney star Selena Gomez has said she is at a point in her life where she wants to fall 'head over heels' in love.
South Korea has successfully launched a satellite from its soil for the first time, one month after North Korea won a propaganda coup by achieving the same feat.
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal must learn to win ugly if they are to challenge for the Barclays Premier League title.
DRIVERS fearing a petrol shortage are queueing for fuel in Grantham this afternoon.
Harvest Power, a Waltham-based company that extracts renewable energy, soil and fertilizer from organic materials, announced on Thursday it has raised $110 million in its third round of venture capital, which was led by True North Venture Partners.
Steven Gerrard has urged his England team-mates to ``seize the moment'' and end their quarter-final hoodoo when they take on Italy in tomorrow's European Championships clash in Kiev.
Foreign investors have turned towards India, predicts the research arm of global rating agency, Moody's, reports Economic Times.
The US military has unveiled a new weapon, a non-lethal heat ray weapon that causes a sensation of unbearable heat which appears to the victim to come from nowhere and causes a reflexive urge to flee.
A young woman constable of the Tamil Nadu Special Police attempted to commit suicide by jumping from the second floor of the barracks of the Tamil Nadu Police Quarters at Egmore on Monday.
Bar Stools For Less, Inc., the leading US online retailer of cheap bar stools today announced plans to increase customer service representative headcount.
What's more interesting is that the survey says that by 2012, 63% of IPTV service providers plan to support multi-screen viewing across PCs, tablets, and smartphones.
The Buffalo Bills experiment in Toronto begins Thursday night at the Rogers Centre.
An unemployed man has been jailed for at least 18 years for the ``incomprehensible'' racist murder of an Indian naval officer in central Glasgow.
Hollywood couple Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson are reportedly planning to wed in a private ceremony later this year to finally stabilise the relationship that has seen many ups and downs.
Inter Milan striker Diego Milito is in doubt for the Champions League match with Werder Bremen on Wednesday after injuring his thigh in the 2-0 loss to AS Roma in Serie A. The Argentine international came off midway through the second half against Roma on Saturday.
Uttar Pradesh Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi, accused of making derogatory remarks against CM Mayawati, was on Thursday remanded to 14 days judicial custody.
The meeting, headed by secretary M Madhavan Nambiar instructed Delhi International Airport Ltd and the Airports Authority of India to ensure that runways were maintained round the clock and the work on third runway to make it CAT-III compliant gets complete before December 10.
Former police officer Kiran Bedi tweeted on Tuesday that she has refused to offer bail after being detained with Anna Hazare and that she may be sent to Tihar Jail.
A Monticello man pleaded guilty to unemployment insurance fraud charges this week.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-7 th , endorsed Mitt Romney this morning, just two days ahead of the Super Tuesday Republican presidential primaries.
The Art of Recycling kicks off in city recreation centers with an awareness campaign and art contest leading up to Earth Day Celebrations in April.
A Peel police officer shot and killed two dogs in Mississauga last night.
Snellville city leaders will vote Monday night on a proposed 42 percent tax rate hike after weeks of town hall meetings and public hearings.
Donna Murphy, a two-time Tony Award winner, will play the Witch in this summer's Shakespeare in the Park production of the Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine musical ``Into the Woods,'' the show's producers at the Public Theater announced on Wednesday.
Weezer has cancelled the rest of their Raditude tour following a tour bus crash yesterday that left lead singer Rivers Cuomo in hospital.
Amnesty International said Monday that their Web site had once again been blocked in China and urged Beijing to re-establish the site immediately.
SEATTLE -Washington has committed a minor recruiting violation and intends to report itself to the Pac-10.
Barbra Streisand helps honor Marvin Hamlisch in NY Barbra Streisand, Aretha Franklin and Liza Minnelli have taken turns singing tunes by the late Marvin Hamlisch during a stirring memorial service for the composer in New York.
Nicolas Cage accompanied his son in the ambulance when he was taken to hospital for a mental evaluation on Tuesday.
Boston Scientific Corp. has sold a California division to a privately held company for $30 million in cash, three years after purchasing it.
An electrical short circuit at the Fosters Group beer factory in Tavakubu Lautoka over the weekend caused $80,000 worth of damage.
``The European Commission is committed to the EU accession process of Turkey ... on the basis of the negotiating framework that was adopted by unanimity by all (EU) member states and Turkey in October 2005,`` EU enlargement commissioner Olli Rehn said after talks in Brussels with Turkish foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu.
Vodafone considers US withdrawal Updated: 11:05, Friday March 29, 2013 Mobile phone giant Vodafone is reported to be mulling its exit from America in one of the largest corporate transactions of all time.
Ontario County has submitted its official application to Google Inc. for the Internet company to locate its proposed ultra-fast broadband test site initiative in the county.
John Kerr 'dreamed of becoming PM' Updated: 08:43, Saturday April 6, 2013 Former governor-general Sir John Kerr reportedly once dreamed of becoming prime minister.
A Forsyth man was hospitalized Saturday after running a motorcycle off the road on a curve, according to the Missouri Highway Patrol.
American Reprographics Company, the nation's leading provider of reprographic services and technology, today reported its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2009.
Carolyn Lewis, clinical director of the salaried Primary Care Dental Service said yesterday: ``I'm delighted that the oral health strategy for the Island is being launched today.
Americans love their social networking and online gaming more than they do their personal e-mail, according to new Nielsen research.
Top US lawmakers on Sunday pushed for aggressive and effective US diplomacy in South Asia to prevent the further escalation of tensions between Pakistan and India as a consequence of the Mumbai terrorist attacks that have killed 183 people, including six Americans.
An Okanagan father has been charged with allegedly pimping out his underage daughter for sex to at least three men.
Actress Mischa Barton has been released from hospital and is expected to resume work soon.
Bristol City strikers Danny Haynes and David Clarkson return to action for the reserves as they look to get back in contention for the first team squad.
Sydney, Feb 12 Australia captain Michael Clarke said that he would be fit in time for the first Test against India starting Feb 22 but doubt still remains on his participation in the warm-up game that starts this weekend in Chennai.
SINGAPORE World oil prices stayed above $100 a barrel in Asian trade Tuesday on fears the escalating turmoil in Egypt will disrupt supply flows through the strategic Suez Canal.
After a couple more days in the 20s and 30s, temperatures should be warmer this weekend, reaching as high 50 on Sunday.
Ashley Judd and her husband are selling their Scottish home for GBP3.8 million.
The House narrowly passed a health care bill Saturday night.
Oil prices plunged over $10 a barrel Monday as a US financial bailout plan failed to win legislative approval, increasing fears tat a prolonged economic downturn that could sharply curtail energy demand.
The Eagles still support quarterback Michael Vick and expect him to play for them this coming season.
``Hop'' is a frothy, seasonal treat that kids will love and parents will tolerate without too much trouble.
For the first time in its 22-year history, the Steuben County Community Foundation's assets top $20 million.
A car auction website set up three years ago has been sold to the UK market leader in a multi-million pound deal.
The World Bank warned nations on Wednesday to brace for chaos as a new global financial crisis worse than 2008 looms ahead.
Tom Campbell, seen here before giving a speech to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group on June 19, 2009 in Santa Clara, has dropped out of the governor's race to focus on a run for the US Senate.
Brooke Mueller has accused Denise Richards of violating a gag order during her sons' custody battle.
Chinese police broke up a ``terror'' group of more than 10 people that included at least two men from the westernmost province of Xinjiang, the Ministry of Public Security said at a briefing in Beijing today.
Endesa SA, an electricity generating company, has agreed to sell networks and electricity transmission assets to Red Electrica Corporacion, SA, engaged in the transmission of electricity.
In an extreme case of religious reverence, a devotee offered his tongue to Goddess Durga in a temple here on Thursday.
A BUSINESSMAN who smuggled tens of millions of pounds of drugs through Felixstowe port is today starting a 26 year jail sentence.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami says the 11th tropical depression of the season formed this morning.
Waste Control Specialists has selected a company to build its low-level radioactive waste disposal facility.
The High Court, on Thursday, ordered status quo on the demolition of buildings in Basavangudi, acquired under Namma Metro project, for the construction of South End metro station.
Trainee pilots, who were stranded in the US when their course with the Pilot Training College in Waterford collapsed, are to picket the Dáil on Wednesday.
For ``Everybody in the World Has a Story,'' Steve Hartman travels to Argentina's second-largest city and meets 28-year-old Sandro Giovannini, a young man who remembers battling with his parents.
A federal lawsuit claims Microsoft, McDonald's, Mazda & CBS violated privacy laws, committed ``Computer Fraud and Abuse'' and used web ads as a ``cover'' for data mining.
Minister of Education Dr. Majid bin Ali Al-Nu'aimi,received here today received Omani educational delegation headed by Director General of Human Resources Development Directorate Yahiya bin Khamis bin Hamud Al Harthy.
Queen of pop Madonna was seen cavorting on stage and doing the middle finger routine at her Sticky and Sweet world tour, as her quickie divorce from Guy Ritchie went through.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland -World anti-doping chiefs insisted yesterday that all team sports, without exception, must play by rules obliging some athletes to announce their whereabouts for testing.
A SWAT situation ended peacefully in North Austin early Thursday morning.
Trade conditions remained weak in September, the South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry reported last week.
An elderly man was shot and killed in the Schellville area south of Sonoma late Tuesday, the Sonoma County Sheriff's Department said.
Former US president Bill Clinton said the world is moving towards a multi-polar system in the wake of the global financial crisis, but that the United States will remain an important player.
On Darfur, the security situation in Darfur is relatively calm today, according to the UN-AU Mission in Darfur.
South Carolina State, following its first day away from the gridiron Sunday, resumed preseason workouts Monday with a morning and evening practice.
European Central Bank president Mario Draghi is to propose 'unlimited' bond buying in a bid to help resolve the eurozone sovereign debt crisis, according to reports.
``I feel that the government lack coordination.
Swiss adventurer Yves Rossy has completed a flight over the Grand Canyon in his custom-built jet suit -- his first such flight in the United States.
A former professional rugby player who admitted filling his Renault Laguna car at petrol stations from Cork to Donegal without paying yesterday pleaded guilty to a further series of offences across Ireland.
Mr. Snow Miser who played, well the 'Snow Miser', on the hit Christmas television special, The Year Without a Santa Claus, discovered to his dismay that he has been put on the TSA's 'No Fly' list.
Today, Congressman Joe Donnelly applauded the groundbreaking of an expansion and renovation project at Grissom Aeroplex in Miami, Indiana, hosted by the Miami County Economic Development Council.
The RSS feed for the Lesley Clark section on McClatchyDC.com has moved here as part of an upgrade to improve service.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a fight in Blackburn that took place in the early hours of this morning.
Rangers appointed administrators Duff and Phelps today following a court battle with Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs.
Gangland widow Judy Moran has been found guilty of murdering her brother-in-law Des Moran.
US markets closed mixed Wednesday after Automatic Data Processing Inc. said 169,000 private jobs were lost October to November.
Apparently, Rambo likes McCain, according a transcript released by the campaign.
The Mariners finished the year 67-95 and last in the American League West Division again.
Phil Spector, the legendary music producer and convicted murderer, may share a jail with the notorious double-parent murderer Erik Menendez.
``I can't miss a race; it's not acceptable,'' says Menard with a laugh.
The state is closing a Houston day care after an infant was abducted by an employee of the center earlier this month.
Anil Kapoor to inaugurate his studio with the shoot of 24 By http://www.bollywoodlife.com Anil Kapoor's much talked about television show 24 is all set to go on floors on March 21 in his studio named Stage 21.
A Roseville man was sentenced Monday to three and a half years in prison for multiple counts of bank fraud, mail theft and conspiracy.
Three Proboscis monkeys are undergoing checkups ahead of being sent to Apenheul Primate Park in the Netherlands as part of an animal exchange to kick start a captive breeding programme.
Election officials are set to recount votes Thursday in two outcomes from races in the July 31 Republican primary.
Don Hewitt, longtime CBS News executive, who created the newsmagazine program ``60 Minutes'' and revolutionized TV journalism, has died on Wednesday at the age of 86.
In order to improve efficiency and performance of power distribution companies in the country, the USAID with the assistance of DISCOs is introducing new modern mechanism of audit for DISCOs.
Iran has tested its new air defense system named ``Sayad-2''.
At Monday's school board meeting, trustees voted unanimously to extend Bauman's contract as superintendent for another year through June 30, 2015.
This is what's in the news for Thursday February 23, 2012.
Grenada expects to receive a $1.9 million grant from Libya for public works projects as the north African country expands its interest in the eastern Caribbean.
Maybank is hosting an investment forum in Kuala Lumpur tomorrow with the theme, ``Beyond the Global Crisis''.
Somebeachsomewhere, the season's top-rated pacer in harness racing, is skipping Thursday's Little Brown Jug at Ohio's Delaware County Fairgrounds.
Justin Bieber who we all love...takes a trip to stamford bridge in his very own show This Is Justin Bieber...if you like please subscribe:)
Browns quarterback Brady Quinn will miss Cleveland's final two games with a foot injury.
The Arkansas unemployment rate fell five-tenths of a percentage point to 4.5 percent in July.
LITTLEROCK, Calif. About 250 homes in Littlerock were evacuated after a train carrying hazardous materials derailed Wednesday afternoon.
Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle on Monday passed over former staffer Robin Kelly to endorse state Sen. Toi Hutchinson in the 2nd Congressional District special election.
Aretha Franklin has canceled two free concerts in Brooklyn next week because of an injury suffered on Sunday.
Residents who tried Wednesday to return to devastated Galveston, Texas less than a week after the city was hard hit by Hurricane Ike were turned away by authorities who said returning was not possible at the moment.
A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a $36 million lawsuit against a police officer accused of violating a Chatham man's civil rights by stopping and asking him for identification.
Alyaksandr Lukashenka described Emir Kusturica as a kindred spirit and invited him to cooperate with Belarus` cinematographers when meeting with the visiting world-famous filmmaker in Minsk on Tuesday, BelaPAN said.
A MAN has been charged following the attempted armed robbery of a Retford town centre shop.
CVS/pharmacy announced today that it will provide H1N1 flu vaccinations at select store locations in Rhode Island by the end of this week.
The A's fired a manager during the season for the first time in a quarter century yesterday, letting Geren go after four-plus seasons and bringing in former Arizona and Seattle skipper Bob Melvin for the rest of the season.
Little Rock police are investigating the death of a toddler who was hospitalized in late November for a head injury.Police say 19-month-old Matthew Jermaine McFadden died December 1st, three days after he was brought to Arkansas Children's Hospital by ambulance.
Here's what's wrong with Windows 8 On ZDNet, Adrian Kingsley-Hughes gives his take.
Guinea, which was recently readmitted to AGOA program, says it hopes to benefit from the Millennium Challenge Account,
Eurozone industrial producer prices rose by 0.8 percent in November, compared to the previous month, the European Union 's statistics bureau Eurostat said Monday.
``Parents need to be aware that children are not accessories,'' she said at a dialogue in Durban, according to a statement from her office.
Corey Haim died in his mother's arms, a new interview reveals.
Bill Maher is skewering Kim Kardashian for a tweet she sent out following the reading of the Casey Anthony verdict.
A 26-year-old man has died after a car hit a railway bridge on the corner of Bucknell Road and Lords Lane in Bicester on Saturday morning.
Ghaziabad, Feb 11 Two students of city-based institute were killed Wednesday when they fell into a deep gorge while trekking in Uttarakhand during a class trip, a college official said.
A senior official at rating agency Standard & Poor's said on Wednesday that global markets have already discounted a possible US ratings downgrade, and that Asian nations' ratings were generally on an uptrend despite global economic woes.
Beyoncé has launched a new Instagram account to go along with her other social media accounts on Twitter and Tumblr.
Houston Astros ace Roy Oswalt threw a bullpen session prior to Wednesday afternoon's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley has signed a new four year deal to take the youngster's current contract up to at least 2015.
A Goodwill Store in San Francisco's Castro District will employ only transgender individuals.
Muslims celebrate Eid al Fitr at the end of Ramadan.
Sigur Ros are set to perform for the Dalai Lama when he gives a public talk in Reykjavik next week.
Skip to navigation '' Skip to content '' US US Video Americans still giving, despite economic meltdown Buzz Up IM del.icio.us Yahoo! Bookmarks By DONNA GORDON BLANKINSHIP, Associated Press Writer Donna Gordon Blankinship, Associated Press Writer -- 7 mins ago AP --
A former US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr. Walter Carrington will today deliver a public lecture titled ``Electoral Reform and Good Governance: Lessons for Nigeria'' as part of activities marking the first year in office of Governor Olusegun Mimiko of Ondo State.
BC-TV-David Letterman,0228 David Letterman marries longtime girlfriend Eds:
A new study from Worcester State College in Massachusetts has revealed that our ancient human ancestors were poor climbers and they traded their ability of climbing trees for the power to walk on two legs.
The Huskies are hoping to end their two game slide, but they are going to be in tough.
But this week, as hail came down in between sunny breaks with gusty wind pushing the clouds out, many may be wondering, ``what's up with this weather?''
LDR, a total spine solution company, announced they obtained approval in Japan to market their Easyspine posterior osteosynthesis system.
The South Korean government has threatened to shoot down a North Korean rocket due for launch in April.
The Azerbaijani and Armenian presidents will meet in Europe by late November, Azerbaijani Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov told media today.
Swiss drug maker Roche has announced it is donating 5.65 million packs of its anti-viral medicine Tamiflu to the World Health Organization.
VVS Laxman, who won many a match for India with his wristy elegance including an epic 281 against Australia in Kolkata, on Saturday announced his retirement from international cricket with immediate effect, bringing down the curtains on a glorious career spanning 16 years.
A Cornish town with a population of 22,000 is to apply for city status to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
A communique from the Indian government issued on Wednesday evening said that the Rashtrapati Nilayam at Bollaram will be opened for public viewing for the first time ever from January 1 to 10.
Hundreds of thousands of people around the world attended May Day rallies to defend workers' rights they say are under fresh attack from austerity measures, and to press for democratic reform.
Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela is in good health and good spirits, South Africa's ruling African National Congress said on Monday, in the first update on his condition since he was discharged from hospital in early April.
The San Jose Mercury News is joining the growing number of US newspapers that have sold their headquarters as a way to get more modern office space and to save or make money.
The scrap dealer, who was exposed to radiation at his shop in a west Delhi industrial area, is in a critical condition with his bone marrow ``significantly'' suppressed, leading to deficiency of blood cells.
US actress Scarlett Johansson has married actor Ryan Reynolds near the city of Vancouver, Canada, reports said Sunday.
French bank Credit Agricole said on Wednesday it would cut 500 posts at Calyon , its investment banking unit that has been badly hit by the global credit crunch.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has bowed to the main shrine of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia the Kursk Root Icon of the Mother of God.
The new contract on delivery of vehicles, which has not come into force yet, is more lucrative.
Cheryl Cole has revealed that she is confident with her appearance and doesn't have a style icon.
Khyber Pakhtunkhua Information Minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain on Thursday said that after failing to implement their format of Sharia, the militants now wanted to capture the parliament of Pakistan.
A high school shop teacher accused of an improper relationship with a student faces new charges.
Trade and Industry minister Rob Davies launched a new tax incentive in Pretoria on Monday which could see manufacturing businesses reduce their taxable income by as much as R900 million.
Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja, Deeksha Seth and Richa Gangopadhyay starrer 'Mirapakay' that released as Sankranti special was a run away success.The film completed its 50 days in 114 screens across the state.
The DA on Friday condemned the arrest of two Sowetan journalists and called for an investigation into possible corruption at the Hillbrow police station.
Shimla, March 15 It was literally BJP versus BJP in the Himachal Pradesh assembly Tuesday as one of the party's senior legislators blamed Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal for the lack of development in his constituency.
Stanley Fish argues that plagiarism is not a ``big moral deal'' because the taboo against passing off someone else's work as your own is just an arbitrary disciplinary convention.
On April 11th, 2012, the US Department of Energy announced a USD 30 million research competition for energy storage technologies.
Cheney, who last visited Baghdad in May, made Iraq the first stop of his nine-day Middle East tour that will also take him to Saudi Arabia, Jerusalem, the Palestinian territories, Turkey and Oman.
The Two day National seminar on the ``life and works of Sadat Hassan Manto'' organized by Centre for Professional Studies in Urdu in collaboration with National council for Promotion of Urdu language , New Delhi and Department of Urdu, University of Jammu concluded with valedictory function.
Kosmo! reported that a woman who was arrested for khalwat on her birthday with a Chinese man has pleaded not guilty at the Syariah High Court in Kangar.
Glen Johnson has returned from Belgrade and is preparing to play for Liverpool in their match against Manchester City on Saturday.
Families are being invited to make the most of the mini heatwave enveloping Elmbridge by splashing around over the next few days.
Rio Tinto expects a rise in diamond output this year but warns production will be flat in 2011.
A Devon riding school and one of the largest Dartmoor pony studs in the country is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year.
Don Meredith, an NFL legend and Monday Night Football announcer, died due to brain hemorrhage at Santa Fe, NM, on Sunday.
Carlos Delgado officially gave up Wednesday on coming back from a hip injury, announcing his retirement from baseball two years after he was sidelined with 473 career home runs.
All 84 Ospreys in Iraq were temporarily grounded recently after it was discovered that some bolts had come loose.
Emirates has dropped its fuel surcharges on all flights, but other airlines operating in New Zealand are unlikely to lower their fares just yet.
She recently offered some advice to those hoping to make it in front of show judges Randy Jackson, Paula Abdul and Simon Cowell.
San Clemente-based Poptent, a firm which operates an online site which allows brands to source crowd-generated commercials, web videos, and other video content from users, has raised at least $3.0M in a recent funding, according to a regulatory filing by the firm Wednesday.
The Bay Area remembers 9/11, eleven years later.
How long will Sachin Tendulkar prolong his illustrious career may be a matter of speculation for experts and fans alike, but the champion batsman says he just ``wants to live for the moment'' and enjoy the game without thinking too much about retirement.
Osama bin Laden has threatened Americans in a new audio tape, saying President Barack Obama inflamed hatred toward the US by ordering Pakistan to crack down on militants in Swat Valley and block Islamic law in the area.Bin Laden claimed US pressure led to a campaign of ``killing, fighting, bombing and destruction'' that prompted the exodus of a million Muslims from Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan.
US President Barack Obama has warned that nuclear North Korea is a ``grave threat'' and said he would not tolerate the Stalinist state's provocative strategy of extracting rewards with belligerent behavior.
Watermere at Southlake, Southlake's newest master-planned development for homeowners 55-plus, is set to welcome Pat Summerall, the signature voice of sports broadcasting in America, for a talk and book signing, where he will give intimate access into his extraordinary life and discuss his new book, Summerall:
Seymour Superintendent of Schools MaryAnne Mascolo has apologized for bashing local residents who applied for jobs as lazy liars whose work was shabby.
A Russian arms dealer accused of breaking UN arms embargoes by supplying weapons to African war zones was arrested Thursday in Bangkok, Thai police said.
Tallinn - A transport plane made an emergency landing Thursday on a frozen lake close to the Estonian capital, Tallinn, reported the Baltic News Service.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has promised to respond aggressively if attacked but reassured India on Friday that Pakistan would not strike first.
A Crystal Lake man was transported via helicopter after a morning crash closed Route 62 in Barrington Hills for about two hours.
CHICAGO President-elect Barack Obama and the soon-to-be first family handed out food to the needy at a Chicago church on the day before Thanksgiving.
Kollywood has created a new record with 150 Tamil releases, the highest in the history of Tamil films.
The injury-depleted Bills claimed Incognito off waivers on Wednesday a day after the player was released by the Rams, according to a person familiar with the move, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the team had not made an announcement.
A family of failed asylum seekers living in Newcastle are to be deported to Nigeria, a pressure group has said.
The US stock market rose on Friday as US inflation data showed prices rising in line with traders' expectations.
The government has said it will ban the payment of referral fees in personal injury cases as the current arrangements had led to high costs, encouraged a compensation culture and led to the growth of an industry which pursued claimants for profit.
Hungary ``has in fact gone bankrupt'', Viktor Orban, leader of the main opposition Fidesz party, said in his traditional state-of-the-nation speech held in Budapest on Friday.
The Dodgers and Time Warner Cable formally announced plans Monday for a regional sports network that will carry Dodger games and other team-related programming starting in 2014.
Elcoteq SE Stock Exchange Release October 2, 2009, at 9.30 am Elcoteq has signed a non-binding Letter of Intent with Videocon Industries Limited, granting the authority to negotiate and finalize a potential Definitive Transaction Agreement.
Contact lenses are becoming less expensive to buy thanks to technological breakthroughs in the field and the cheaper option of buying them online, it has been claimed.
Freshman TJ Warren had season-highs of 31 points and 13 rebounds to help North Carolina State beat Florida State 84-66 on Tuesday night.
The Grand in Wilmington announces four shows just added to its 2008-09 season.
Red Line trains have resumed normal service after being rerouted Tuesday night after unfounded reports of smoke in subway in the South Loop.
Kent Babb of the Kansas City Star reports that Haley considered resigning in private conversations as recently as last week.
Cambodia has suspended marriages between South Koreans and its citizens to curb human trafficking, the foreign ministry said Friday.
India eves managed a 1-1 draw against Scotland in the Pool A hockey match of the Commonwealth Games here on Monday.
Jet engine maker Pratt & Whitney Canada said Wednesday it will lay off up to 1,000 workers in response to falling business jet orders.
A Trenton man died Friday from injuries he received when he was struck by a vehicle in Gilchrist County last month, the Florida Highway Patrol reported.
An Ohio landlord charged with whipping an adult tenant with a belt on his bare buttocks for falling behind on his rent has been accused of whipping another man with a belt and a paddle.
Friendly Fires are set to curate a 'We Love Art' party in Paris tomorrow night.
Authorities are trying to determine why a skydiver's parachute failed to function properly, leading to his death.
Producer Yoshinori Kitase and director Motomu Toriyama have said in Dengeki Magazine this week that Final Fantasy XIII-2 will feature a much darker story than that seen in FFXIII.
Soldiers from the 13 Brigade of the Nigerian Army may storm the Bakassi resettlement camp again if the militants, who returned there after their eviction a fortnight ago, do not leave.
The childhood homes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney will be preserved under a new ruling in the UK, it has emerged.
Two Colombian engineers nearly halfway around the globe from their homeland, until recently the world's kidnapping capital, were kidnapped by a tribe in northeast Yemen Friday.
He further adds that the crisis in the US, in the rest of the West and in Europe will get substantially worse.
Vice President and Prime Minister of UAE and Ruler of Dubai His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and His Highness Sheikh Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Ras al Khaimah, received cables of condolence from Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Jailani.
Garbage in the areas of Buġibba and Qawra will now be collected after 08.30h after many protests that were made by the residents, restaurant and bar owners following a decision taken by the St Paul's Bay Local to collect the garbage after midnight.
An Evansville man is accused of pressing a loaded gun to a relative's head during an argument over the heavy storms that moved through the region Tuesday.
The Flyers on Wednesday waived goaltender Brian Boucher and defenseman Andreas Lilja.
David Arquette Reveals He And Courteney Cox Didn't Have A Prenup AND She's Worth $100 Million!
China didn't produce any refined sugar in July, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics Thursday.
With an increasing number of hotel developments under way, a renewed focus on niche attractions and a spate of new regulations to legislate and encourage sustainable growth, officials in Algeria are hard at work bolstering the underdeveloped tourism sector's potential.
Marlins catcher Ronny Paulino was suspended for 50 games Friday after he tested positive for a performance-enhancing substance under Major League Baseball's drug policy.
Swansea defender Alan Tate admits he feared his career was over when he broke his leg in a freak golf buggy accident last August.
Bulgarian Transport Minister Alexander Tsvetkov resigned on May 18, the news being announced by Prime Minister Boiko Borissov during the weekly scheduled Government meeting.
Lebanese soldiers stand on their military vehicle, as they close the way to public transportation drivers striking against the increase of fuel prices and the lack of support from the government, in Sidon southern Lebanon, April 26, 2012.
The New York leg of the Bicycle Film Festival starts today and runs through June 21 with five days of bike events--with parties, block parties, rock shows, art shows and, of course, the screenings.
James Toseland fell at the Sachsenring in the morning free practice session for the German GP.
Google acquisition could continue, Red Bend sues Google, and anonymous blogging has limits.
The American Heart Association held its annual heart walk in Sioux Falls Saturday.
The Central Texas unemployment rate jumped to 6.4 percent in January, up from 4 percent a year ago and 5.2 percent in December, as the deepening recession wiped out more jobs.
Musicians from the internationally-acclaimed Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra will perform in Minsk on 2 October as part of the 7th International Yuri Bashmet Festival and the German Weeks, BelTA learnt from the Embassy of Germany in Belarus.
Cabinet has approved the national evaluation framework, government spokesman Jimmy Manyi said on Thursday.
Arrest warrants have been issued for two Fort St. John men, after a brutal assault on July 3rd.
A Saudi company has stolen mechanic equipment estimated at 30 millions AD, owned by an Algerian entrepreneur in Annaba eastern province.
A technical problem in a Perry County courtroom causes a delay in a murder trial.
Allocate Software has launched new product branding across its core workforce management, governance, risk and compliance healthcare services.
Variety reports that Eastwood has agreed to direct and star in Gran Torino, a just-announced Warner Bros./Village Roadshow film being targeted for a December release...and that's about all we know, actually.
An Oakland man was arraigned Thursday on charges he molested a Novato girl for several years beginning at age 11, authorities said.
Pakistan should strike back at ``terrorism'' or it will see more attacks like the one that killed Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, United States Homeland Security head Michael Chertoff said on Monday.
Trayvon Martin murder suspect George Zimmerman has a new website that's been launched by his defense attorney.
A MAN was today jailed for life for slashing a woman's throat with a kitchen knife.
The Tim Tebow concussion watch continues, with new footage surfacing where you can actually see the real kicker on the hit, the second collision with Marcus Gilbert's knee hitting Tebow's head.
``For all intents and purposes, this is a brand new school,'' principal Mr David Austin said.
Singapore is set to overtake Las Vegas as the world's second-largest gaming hub this year, a US gaming industry head said on Tuesday, as Asia cements its place as a major betting market.
Police in Greensboro are looking for a suspect in a fraud case that happened near West Lee Street last month.
A shepherd from the Altai village Kyrlyk claims moral damage compensation from Russian Space Agency for a fragment of a rocket launched from Baikonur cosmodrome that fell on his stockyard on February 5, 2008.
Red Sox acquired Mike Aviles from the Royals in exchange for INF Yamaico Navarro and RHP Kendal Volz.
Sanaa, Apr 15 Embattled Yemenese president Ali Abdullah Saleh stood defiant refusing to step down as country''s influential tribals and religious leaders served him an ultimatum to ``quit immediately'' while pro-democracy activists launched a civil disobedience campaign in Yemen.
Ken Hodges, twelve-year District Attorney for Dougherty County, qualified this morning to run for Attorney General as the only Democratic candidate with the law enforcement experience required of Georgia's chief law enforcement officer.
A 24-year-old man was killed Saturday night in a motorcycle crash in Beckham County.
Drunkards, caught consuming alcohol in a car, misbehaved with news channel anchor Devesh Vashisht when he implored them to quit.
CAROL Vorderman reveals she is haunted by regret that her last marriage came to an end 12 years ago.
Governmor Tim Pawlenty is bound for a security conference in Germany with a delegation that includes members of Congress, military and security officials and others.
THE US embassy in Islamabad has denied claims that NATO soldiers in Afghanistan fired mortars across the Pakistan border, killing at least three people.
A large cache of explosives and toxic chemicals found in an Escondido home is still there, a week after it was found.
Ogemaw County Clerk Gary Klacking said voter turnout in the county was lower than he expected for the Aug. 7 primary election.
Hyundai is to build hydrogen fuel cell cars and offer them on lease by the end of this year, staking its claim to leadership in a promising but challenging future technology to which its rival Toyota is also deepening its commitment.
In its national report card released today, the Sierra Club gave the Washington state delegation five As, three Fs and one C.
Significant rain is needed in the next few weeks to prevent yield loss in crops, according to ADAS's Susan Twining.
Southern Utah University will get $1 million for its new science building from a private foundation.
India wants a clean waiver in the NSG, a top Indian official said Friday.
Saints Helens panic half back Kyle Eastmond might have missed the rest of the season after suffering ankle injury.
The 20-month-old baby, who had scald marks and bruises on his body, died of suffocation due to lack of oxygen, Ampang Jaya police chief ACP Amiruddin Jamaluddin said.
A new study suggests that human papillomavirus infection in women at or after menopause may represent an infection acquired years ago, and that HPV infections may exist below limits of detection after one to two years, similar to other viruses, such as varicella zoster, which can cause shingles.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp has had successful minor heart surgery and is due to be discharged from hospital in the next 48 hours, the Premier League club said yesterday.
Ladies retailer Talbots posted a narrower first quarter loss today, of $7.1 million, or $0.12 per share, compared to a loss of $18.8 million, or $0.35 per share, in the same quarter last year.
Alexei Cherepanov, a former first-round draft pick of the NHL's New York Rangers, died Monday during a game in Russia.
The 12 X Factor finalists have been chosen and already the judges' choices have split the country in two.
Panaji, Dec 17 Goa Tourism Minister Mickky Pacheco Thursday told the legislative assembly that the state home ministry was bringing Goa a bad name, triggering a verbal battle between him and Home Minister Ravi Naik.
Rochdale winger Kallum Higginbotham will join Falkirk on July 1 when his contract at Spotland expires.
Against the backdrop of a steadily improving domestic economy, the Bank of Montreal reported a nearly threefold jump in profit for the first quarter, handily beating analyst estimates.
The Bihar election has written a new story, Janata Dal-United leader Nitish Kumar said Wednesday as he prepared for a second stint as chief minister with voters sweeping his alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party back to power.
If the congressional ``super committee'' does not reach a deficit reduction deal by Wednesday's legally mandated deadline, I propose we take a page from the NBA owners and lock Congress out.
Everton midfielder Jack Rodwell has warned Liverpool to expect a backlash in Saturday's Merseyside derby.
Mumbai, India - After a successful pilot in the state of Maharashtra, Nokia today announced the commercial launch of its pioneering Nokia Life Tools service in India.
Samsung announced today that it has become the first company to begin mass production of transparent LCD panels.
SCI is planning to open a new tablet and capsule packaging facility as well as the high potency compounding and filling area for oral liquids utilising barrier isolator systems.
URS Corporation will host a conference call on Thursday, November 6, 2008 at 11:00 am, to discuss its 2008 third quarter results.
Chief, an industry leader in mounts, racks and interactive solutions, announces plans to release a new Fusion® Series mobile video wall cart this spring.
AP-MTDairy Queen robbery, 1st Ld-Writethru,0120 Dairy Queen, casino robbed Eds:
Jonny Evans has officially signed a new four-year year contract at Manchester United, Sir Alex Ferguson has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama praised his outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a joint CBS television interview aired on Sunday, but tactfully sidestepped questions about the possibility of his rival in the 2008 presidential race running for the top post in 2016.
Candlelight vigils were held in Agawam and Chicopee to honor the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Biomet recently announced fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 preliminary net sales results and it shows an increase of net sales by 10 percent.
Kelsey Grammer, of the sitcom, Frasier, has suffered a mild heart attack during the weekend, in Hawaii.
Lebanese officials say 12 Israeli warplanes have violated Lebanese airspace in less than 24 hours, flying low in several sorties over southern Lebanon.
Earlier we reported about Alexis Arguello Found Dead and today headlines confirm that Arturo Gatti was also found dead.
Miami Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder didn't practice today to visit a doctor to address his groin injury.
Sources familiar with the matter confirm that Hearst-owned digital agency iCrossing has cut some staff in its New York headquarters.
Workers are rushing to finish a new sign at Sports Authority Field at Mile High.
President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday returned to Pakistan from Dubai, where he had gone almost a fortnight ago to seek treatment for a heart condition,triggering rampant speculation that he might be on the verge of resigning.
Rahul Mohindar of Viratechindia is of the view that Suzlon Energy has target of Rs 85-90.
A man was fatally hit by a car after he crashed his pickup truck on a freeway, investigators said.
KRYSTIAN Pearce is close to earning an extended contract at Notts County, and the Magpies' manager Craig Short will be pleased when the former England youth international is tied down to a longer-term deal.
With their second album, 'Ternion' set for release in January and an intimate show in December at The Garage selling out in minutes, We Have Band have announced full details of their upcoming 2012 UK tour.
Best-selling US author Michael Crichton, who wrote such novels as ``The Andromeda Strain'' and ``Jurassic Park'' and created the popular TV drama ``ER,'' has died unexpectedly of cancer at age 66, his family said on Wednesday.
VOTING should be made compulsory in order to dramatically increase the falling electoral turnouts in Northern Ireland, the Ulster Unionist Party has said.
A morning crash today, June 30, sent a motorcyclist to a local hospital, according to Middletown police.
Israeli soldiers invaded, overnight, several areas near the northern West Bank city of Jenin, and conducted military training in a number of villages while military helicopters flew overhead, local sources reported.
India needs to churn out more entrepreneurs if it wants to grow at a faster pace of 10 percent, says Ashank Desai, one of the key authors of India's IT success story.
The number of newly initiated liquidation procedures against domestic companies increased by 32% y/y to 1,292 in July, company data provider OPTEN informed.
Fresh from her sold-out headlining run in Coco in San Francisco, cabaret legend Andrea Marcovicci returns to LYRICS & LYRICISTS™ with an evening of gems from the post-1965 repertoire to refute the notion that rock 'n' roll killed the art of songwriting.
The ICC has promised prompt and decisive action if there's proof of spot-fixing by Pakistan players.
Abercrombie & Fitch will close its Tupelo store this month, as part of a corporate initiative to rid the chain of underperforming stores.
ATHENS A general strike gripped Greece on Tuesday to warn against ever deeper austerity measures being demanded with increasing urgency by the EU as part of a debt rescue deal with banks.
Jerry Sandusky's lawyers argued Thursday that he deserves a new trial because his defense lacked sufficient time to prepare for the first one, but the judge did not immediately rule after an hour-and-a-half hearing.
Fidelity Bank has opened a new Sterling branch and expanded its mortgage division into the area.
Street restoration and repair work is to begin today on Hancock Street, Prospect Street and the alley by Tilden Street.
North Korea Saturday reconnected cross-border military phone lines and reopened the border for South Koreans visiting an industrial complex, the Unification Ministry here said.
A gun store owner was abducted in Lanao del Norte on Saturday, police said.
A New Jersey guitarist who has played with Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen is coming to Sutton.
A man who watched his wife stab his son and then lied to doctors about the injuries learns his sentence Friday.
Ciena Corp. has placed an offer to purchase the optical networking business of Nortel Networks Corp. for appx.
A penalty deep into injury time salvaged a point for Bungay on Saturday and extended their unbeaten run in the Anglian Combination Division One to seven games.
Former New Zealand fast bowler Simon Doull has picked Sri Lanka and India as top two favourites to lift the World Cup, starting February 19 in the Indian subcontinent.
Though the employment report released Friday was worse than expected, President Obama said the economy will come back stronger and announced a plan to hire veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Sacramento Regional Transit on Thursday announced the deepest service cuts in the agency's history to meet a $25 million budget shortfall.
Mario saved himself from eviction from the Big Brother house for the second week running after winning a memory task.
The Cantometer index showed activity in the Canterbury region lifted significantly last month, from 0.2 to 0.5, suggesting activity is now firmly above pre-earthquake levels.
Lisa Marie Presley recorded at Sun Studio over the weekend, and met with fans and media Monday in advance of her new album's launch.
New data published in Stroke indicate that regular physical activity reduced the risk for vascular-related dementia by 40% and cognitive impairment of any etiology by 60% in older, non-disabled adults.
Notre Dame football players were pelted by snowballs from fans sitting in the student section during their game against Syracuse on Saturday.
Allen Iverson has signed a $4 million, two-year contract with Turkish club Besiktas.
A 28-year-old man was seriously injured in a crash after the driver rolled through a stop sign and into the path of an oncoming vehicle.
The newly combined satellite radio firm Sirius XM is facing $1 billion in debt next year, and it is going to have to raise funds either through financing or issuing more stock.
A WALTHAMSTOW flat became a DIY bomb factory as eight would-be terrorists plotted to blow up aeroplanes, a court heard.
Flavor Flav court date moved for Public Enemy Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction Flavor Flav has a new court date in Las Vegas that doesn't interfere with his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Vanessa Crone and Paul Poirier won the ice dance title at the Canadian Figure Skating Championships here on Sunday by capturing the free dance routine.
Pakistan discard Imran Nazir has lost much of his life savings in a fake investment scheme, masterminded by a group of his friends.
Amidst receding inflation, industry body CII has asked the Reserve Bank to further cut key policy rates, including short-term lending rate by 1.5 per cent, to spur economic growth.
The Cuban President Raul Castro met Sunday with Spanish former foreign minister Miguel Angel Moratinos, deputy of the Spanish Workers Socialist Party, in Havana, Granma newspaper reported.
David Mellor told the Leveson Inquiry that former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was a ``soulmate'' for media tycoon Rupert Murdoch.
American Space Agency detected storms antimatter in space from Earth, a phenomenon never seen before, with the help of gamma-ray space telescope Fermi.
Chief of Army Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani has said that the Army enjoyed public support, and added that the military is ready to meet any threat.
Five Jewish settlers harassed Tuesday a Palestinian family walking home, then beat and robbed two internationals who accompanied them, in the South Hebron Hills of the West Bank.
Australian Casey Stoner will miss the next three MotoGP races to give him the chance to get back to full fitness, Ducati team director Livio Suppo said on Tuesday.
The LSU basketball team, 2-0 in Southeastern Conference play, visits No. 13 Kentucky at 3 pm today at Rupp Arena in Lexington, Ky., and the Tigers have the better league record.
A new Led Zeppelin app has been released and is available now for the iPhone and iPad.
``All I want for my birthday is for Tim Tebow to dance on Dancing with the Stars,'' she said Saturday, not long after Tebow and his Broncos team were ousted from the NFL playoffs by Tom Brady and his Patriots.
The FTSE 100 closed lower again despite an afternoon rally but remains over the psychological important 4,000 mark.
Harley-Davidson Inc. said today it will cut 1,100 jobs over two years, close some facilities and consolidate others as it grapples with a slowdown in motorcycle sales.
Heavy Metal giant Ronnie James Dio passed away on Monday at the age...
As announced, Verizon has launched the first LTE network on the market.
Arctic states are meeting on Monday in Chelsea, Quebec to try to bolster cooperation in the region amid concerns of a military build-up and opposition to tapping its resource riches.
A San Jose man in his early 20s who was kidnapped from a Hayward motel, beaten and left for dead near a reservoir last weekend remained hospitalized today, according to a police sergeant.
A series of storms moves into the region from the Pacific this evening, bringing wet weather that's expected to douse the area for days.
Los Angeles, Dec 7 Flamboyant British entrepreneur Richard Branson Monday unveiled the world's first commercial spaceship, saying it heralded a new age in travel.
Cody Lundin, an expert of survival in challenging environment has come with a masterful yet unimaginative title show, 'Dual Survival' that premiered on Discovery Channel this Friday.
In a sign of New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie's strength heading into his 2013 reelection, he's won over Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
A man died after being shot in the head at his Madison home.
SAINTS star Lee Barnard has had his bail extended again after being arrested over a fight in a Southampton bar.
Overseas Indian Affairs Minister Vayalar Ravi will visit Saudi Arabia to convey India's apprehension about possible job losses to Indians due to implementation of a new labour drive --
Who's Got Next is a weekly look at some of the top players widely available on the waiver wires to help you in the week ahead.
Gov. Susana Martinez, who was sworn into office on Jan. 1, said she will cut nearly $200,000 per year in ``wasteful spending'' at the governor's mansion in Santa Fe.
The body of a man pulled from Staunton River in southern Campbell County early Sunday morning has been identified.
After almost a week of increasing tension between settler representatives and government officials, the Habayit Hayehudi party called Thursday evening on the National Union party to renew their historic political alliance.
The United States has said the ``significant'' statement by India affirming its commitment to efforts of non-proliferation has given a positive momentum to talks by the 45-member Nuclear Suppliers Group.
A panel of experts has suggested meat and milk from cloned cows is safe for consumption.
PNM Resources management will meet with analysts and investors this week.
When ambulanceman Nick Horobin lost an eye in an attack eight years ago it looked as if his work as a carer was over.
BY the barest of margins, less a bob of a head than twitch of a nostril, Dunaden has won the Melbourne Cup.
IBM on September 19 officially announced that registration for the fourth annual ``Master the Mainframe'' competition is underway.
Now the editor-in-chief of Science, the journal that published the original research article, says that finding is ``now seriously in question,'' leaving the patients to ask, if chronic fatigue is not caused by a virus, what does?
A new cultural center will open in Kiryat Arba on Monday night.
Salman Khurshid may be in the eye of a storm over his Muslim sub-quota remarks, but the unflappable law minister believes it's not wrong to talk about the minority quota, a constitutional guarantee.
Senator Oluremi Tinubu has advised the electorate to vote in only progressive-minded leaders in 2015.
Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd. said Monday it has developed technology to accurately measure people's skin tones using a smartphone camera, giving cosmetics makers a new tool to boost online sales.
WellCare Health Plans Inc. said Thursday that it swung to a fourth-quarter profit of $11.1 million, or 26 cents a share, from a loss of $31.1 million, or 75 cents a share, a year earlier.
Global marketing communications agency JWT has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Hungama Digital Services, India's leading digital agency, a move that significantly adds to JWT's digital offerings in this critical, high-growth market.
BENGHAZI, LIBYA // Tribal leaders and militia commanders declared a semi-autonomous region in oil-rich eastern Libya today, a move opponents fear will be the first step toward outright dividing the country six months after the fall of Muammar Qaddafi.
The National Railway Museum and Bachmann Europe Plc are offering modellers a helping hand during the credit crunch by offering them the chance to buy the latest limited edition boxed set model in the NRM-branded series in instalments.
CE Mac Evoy has published God Gives You the Lesson...
The Asia-Pacific IT industry is entering a 'nexus of forces', where the integration of big data, cloud computing, social collaboration and mobile technologies will drive innovation and new business models in the region, according to Gartner.
Toyota Motor Corporation resumed production at all its Japanese manufacturing plants for the first time since the earthquake and tsunami which devastated the country on 11 March.
Ugadi, the Telugu new year, was celebrated with traditional fervour and cheerfulness across Andhra Pradesh today.
Apple Inc. said Friday that its iPad will be available in nine more countries by May 28.
Today's Nevada earthquake had a magnitude of 5.1, reports the US Geological Survey, and was followed by three aftershocks over the next 40 minutes.
The Supreme Court issued a pair of rulings Wednesday expanding gay rights, ruling unconstitutional a 1996 law denying federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples and clearing the way for California to legalize same-sex marriage.
Several vehicles worth more than £100,000 have been stolen from a quarry on the outskirts of Durham.
Charges will not be filed against two Merced Police officers, accused of using excessive force on two men they caught spray-painting their patrol cars.
Despite the urging of thousands of online fans, JetBlue Airlines announced last Saturday that flight attendant Steven Slater is no longer employed with them.
The Syrian rebels have captured a key Syrian airbase in Taftanaz which is massive blow to Assad regime.
Governor Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency in Suffolk County on Long Island in order to activate state resources in fighting a large brush fire there, one of three that continue to burn in southeastern New York as of Tuesday evening.
The optional program was oversubscribed and the options distributed thus proportional to the number subscribed.
A Shelby County corrections officer has resigned following an investigation involving two female inmates.
An MP from Karimnagar district in Andhra Pradesh Friday filed a complaint against eminent scholar Ashis Nandy, for making remarks alleged to be anti-Dalit at the Jaipur Literature Festival, police said.
Arsenal have announced that 19 year old Japanese prospect Ryo Miyaichi has joined Wigan Athletic on loan for the entirety of the 2012/13 season.
A new public sector-only travel website has been launched, citing travel savings of up to 58 per cent for organisations and employees working within the public sector in the UK and Ireland .
Four powerful country-made bombs were seized from the banks of a river at Vallithode near Iritty here on Wednesday.
Actor Mathias Muchus is trying to be more efficient in everything he does, including his work as an actor, because of his age.
April is a fairly forgiving month for gardening.
Brazilian mining giant Vale, the world's biggest iron ore producer, said last Friday that it might reduce its iron ore prices by 10 percent this October, from $150/mt to $135/mt.
Cost Plus World Market says it will close all 6 of its stores in Minnesota.
Mark McCloskey struck a blow for the high handicappers when his 41 points gave him overall victory, albeit on a break of tie.
Amorfix Life Sciences, a company focused on treatments and diagnostics for misfolded protein diseases, provides an update on the development of a blood test for vCJD, one of its six product development programs.
Alberta-born country superstar Paul Brandt released his first new album today in four years, entitled Give It Away, along with a box set collection, entitled NOW.
The Central Bank of Sri Lanka is preparing to enlighten the international community on the facts regarding local economy stated in the committee report of the UN Secretary General User Rating: / 0Poor Best Monday, 25 April 2011 13:43 Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka Ajith Nivard Cabral says that the international community will be enlightened on the facts relating to the local economy stated in the committee report of the UN Secretary General.
Fallon was originally due to return to Plymouth after Town's game against Doncaster on Saturday but today he returned to Plymouth and will be available to play for the Pilgrims against MK Dons.
A former attorney for Heath Ledger is suing over a $10 million life insurance policy he claims has gone unpaid since the actor's death.
People and property business Gentoo has helped one of its customers turn her dream into reality with the assistance of Enterprising Futures, its business start up service.
''On behalf of Lee McQueen's family, Alexander McQueen today announces the tragic news that Lee McQueen, the founder and designer of the Alexander McQueen brand has been found dead at his home.
Pakistani pace bowler Mohammad Asif was released from prison in Britain on Thursday after serving half of a one-year term for involvement in a match-fixing scam that shook the world of cricket.
A Spanish judge has again called for the extradition of three US soldiers to Spain to face charges of indiscriminate attacks against civilians in war.
Regulators shut down a bank in Illinois and two in Colorado on Friday, boosting to 51 the number of US bank failures this year.
An upcoming program in Morden will help people who are sick and tired of being sick and tired.
A provocative commentary in one of the nation's most distinguished medical journals argues parents should lose custody of obese children.
PYLF, the website for all those who are in love, who were in love or wish to be in love, is fast emerging as a platform where people of all ages from across 7 continents are expressing their love.
Labour former minister Doug Henderson is to quit the Commons at the next General Election, he has announced.
Vietnamese exports to the US accelerated for the first time since January, suggesting the country's lower costs may help sustain demand for its products amid a slowing global economy.
Super Aguri have delayed the launch of their 2008 challenger as the team has yet to finalize their new sponsors and drivers.
'Twilight' actress Kristen Stewart was involved in a minor accident after a fellow woman motorist hit her Mini Cooper from behind while driving in Los Angeles.
Ben Roethlisberger went through a full practice for the second day in a row, and offensive coordinator Bruce Arians said he is hopeful the Steelers quarterback will play Sunday in Cleveland.
Private equity firm Castle Harlan Inc. said Monday it is buying plastic container maker Pretium Packaging LLC and Pretium will then buy rival PVC Container Corp., parent of Novapak Corp., in deals valued at a combined $200 million.
Champions Manchester United took a stranglehold on the title race after they beat Everton 1-0 on Saturday to move five points clear at the top of the English Premier League table, dpa reported.
North Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring will be part of a trade mission to Turkey next week.
Green Day have announced three European stadium shows next summer.
At the request of Computerworld UK the story headlined ``ICO received 10,000 data protection complaints in 2011'' and posted 04/25/2012 has been removed from the wire.
The government spends about RM100 million annually on wages of 30,000 foreign fishermen hired to fill the vacuum in the fisheries sector, Fisheries deputy director-general Suhaili Lee said on Thursday.
Dutch electronics giant Philips said Tuesday that it will sell its entire NXP equity stake to its UK pension fund.
Japan moved closer Thursday to restarting nuclear reactors for the first time since last year's earthquake and tsunami led to a nationwide shutdown after a mayor gave his support to a plan to bring two of them back online.
A PAY battle is looming at Birmingham-based National Express after the transport giant attacked a five per cent claim for more than 3,700 drivers as ``surprising'' at a time of public sector wage freezes.
People who replace glass say they've seen an increase in the number of cars coming in that have been vandalized.Steve Kahl owns ABC Glass and he says sometimes the vandal will break a car window just to steal the change in the console.
Downtown traffic slowed to a complete stop Friday morning after a flat bed truck collided with a city bus.
Fox posted another dominant primetime ratings victory in a week when the broadcast nets significantly underperformed vs. a year ago.
American Airlines has filed for bankruptcy, its parent company has announced.
The crafts and memorabilia exhibition, run by Southowram Methodist Church, raised money for the community centre that has been their home since the chapel closed.
Ohio comedian and actor Rudy Ray Moore, best known for his title role in the 1975 film ``Dolemite'', has died at the age of 81.
O2 has launched its 'Flying Start' promotion, aimed at businesses of 1-2,000 employees to provide them with a free landline and internet access.
Three drivers were killed in a fiery, three-vehicle crash in southeast Iowa.
Christian Post Contributor Pop sensation Justin Bieber may host NBC's ``Saturday Night Live,'' this season, Alec Baldwin revealed on his radio podcast on Monday.
A MULTI-MILLION pound tourist centre could create up to 150 jobs, it has been claimed.
Former Liberian President Charles Taylor may walk free because the global financial crisis has cut donations to the court trying him for war crimes committed in neighbouring Sierra Leone, its chief prosecutor said.
Calvin Harris tests all his tracks out in the bathroom to ensure the bass is loud enough.
Kathryn Joosten, a veteran character actress who played the crotchety Karen McCluskey in Desperate Housewives, has died aged 72.
A former restaurant was stripped of metal sometime between December 17 and 30, according to Spartanburg County Deputies.
Suns beat Demons in AFL practice match Updated: 15:59, Saturday March 16, 2013 A dominant third quarter led a near-full strength Gold Coast outfit to a 25-point AFL trial win on Saturday over an injury-stricken Melbourne.
Lord Ahmed last night denied offering a £10 million bounty for the capture of President Barack Obama, describing the allegation as a ``pack of lies''.
A motorcyclist was seriously injured after crashing in Montcalm County on Friday.
Texas A&M quarterback Jerrod Johnson is drawing praise from head coach Mike Sherman for his recent practice performances, giving hope that the talented Mr. Johnson will man the controls for the entire 2009 season.
A warrant was issued Wednesday for the arrest of a 54-year-old Springville man after a charge of sexual battery was filed against him in Greene Circuit Court.
ABC Learning Centres says it won't be able to releases its annual results today as planned.
Lucky try keeps England on course Updated: 11:45, Sunday February 24, 2013 England beat France 23-13 at Twickenham to make it three wins from three games in Six Nations rugby.
QUEENSLAND Health has launched an investigation into claims that body parts and fetuses were dumped and buried at a rubbish dump on Thursday Island.
Hollywood actor Hugh Grant fears he would never settle down and would end up alone, as he always ruins his romantic liasons.
Bendigo has dug deep to donate $78,244 to the Royal Children's Hospital Good Friday Appeal -- beating last year's effort by more than $9000.
Washington, Nov 9 : 'Disney's A Christmas Carol', featuring Jim Carey, has topped the weekend box office after raking in 31 million dollars.
In June 2009, Hope for Armenia, also known as Espoir Pour L'Armenie, celebrated its 20th anniversary with a celebratory tour to Armenia, which wrapped up a 20th anniversary banquet in Yerevan.
Family Dollar is recalling its Fun N' Safe magnetic dart boards because small magnets at the ends of the darts can detach and pose a choking hazard.
McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton believes that Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull Racing has the potential to dominate in the season ahead.
Hugh Jackman is open to doing more musicals but would prefer something ``lighter'' than Les Misérables next time.
A new gel for laser skin resurfacing helps reduces redness, allowing skin to look and feel better more quickly.
Arsenal's on loan midfielder Yossi Benayoun has admitted that he has been frustrated at his lack of first-team action this season.
Oregon will allow canola to be grown in the Willamette Valley for the first time despite objections from organic seed farmers concerned that canola production will harm their delicate crops.
Aiken native Paul Williams and Sergio Martinez will fight on Nov. 20 in a rematch of last year's acclaimed bout.
The taste of beer, without any effect from alcohol itself, can trigger dopamine release in the brain, which is associated with drinking and other drugs of abuse, according to Indiana University School of Medicine researchers.
Victoria Beckham has spent £10,000 on a nursery for her baby girl, reports The Sun. The wife of David Beckham apparently went on a shopping spree to famed London department store Harrods.
Skyline quarterback Max Browne committed to USC on Wednesday night and will have a chance to be the Trojans' starter as a freshman in 2013.
After two-week break to bury a minister, his assistant, and police officers killed in the June 10 Ngong chopper crash, this weekend presidential contenders get back on the campaign trail.
Asif Bajwa told The Associated Press that Aamer, who has been likened to Wasim Akram, 'is not that kind of chap.
The Indian rupee declined almost to Rs 43 against the dollar on Thursday, weighed down by the dollar`s broad-based strength, despite central bank intervention to check sharp falls.
Sons of American Legion will hold a barbecue dinner Friday, Feb. 10, beginning at 5:30 pm at Dan River Post 1097 on Fairfield Avenue in Danville.
An unmanned Chinese spacecraft returned to Earth successfully after more than two weeks in orbit, marking a pivotal moment for the rising power's plans to secure a long-term manned foothold in space.
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin yesterday challenged Western ratings agencies that have downgraded Russia's debt, calling for the creation of Russian ratings firms that he said better understood its economy.
Funai, makers of a wide variety of budget line home theater products, are adding CinemaNow to their new products.
Hanuman Jayanti is celebrated to commemorate the birth of Hanuman, the Vanara god, widely venerated throughout India.
A 20-year-old Milton boy died Sunday after being pulled unconscious from a swimming pool Saturday afternoon.
Callum asks Danielle on another date and tells Garry he's resorting to Plan B -- persuading Danielle to dump him by pretending to be boring!
Australia's Geoff Huegill, who staged an unlikely comeback to win a gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, announced Monday he was quitting elite swimming.
Probably for the first time in Orissa, the State Government has 'paid' for a fake encounter by its police which killed a tribal in Rayagada district earlier this year.
Walnut Creek-based PMI Group , one of the nation's largest mortgage insurers, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Wednesday, marking the latest casualty of the historic housing bubble.
A temporary post office opened Monday in Healdsburg after the main post office burned down over the weekend.
``I dislike the term candid wedding photography even though I used it when I started out,'' she told IANS.
SHANGHAI'S key stock index ended slightly lower yesterday on concerns over tighter market liquidity as several companies planned to seek fresh capital.
Bank of Ayudhya announced on Friday that it is cutting rates on savings deposits by 0.12 percentage points and 0.125 percentage point for loan rates, reports said.
Matt Hardy, The Most Underrated/Hard Working wrestler today, will be a WWE world champion?
The mass grave was found in the eastern Bosnian village of Kaldrmica.
Barron's -- the Dow Jones investment magazine -- wants US District Court Judge Jed Rakoff to unseal the FINRA papers.
Three Gondol gang robbery members including the leader were killed in a shootout with police at a water retention pond at Tasik Kota Puteri, Ijok on Tuesday's morning.
``Harry Potter'' star Emma Watson is single again after reportedly splitting from her longterm boyfriend.
Gurgaon Citibank has terminated services of 7 employees at its Gurgaon branch, where Rs 460 crore fraud was detected last year.
Rusk County authorities have arrested a man in connection with a homicide in Reklaw, according to a Wednesday news release.
Acer has introduced an engagement program for its channel partners dealing with projectors in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and New Delhi.
Richard Widmark, who made a sensational film debut as the giggling killer in ``Kiss of Death'' and became a Hollywood leading man in ``Broken Lance,'' ``Two Rode Together'' and 40 other films, has died after a long illness.
Danny Boyle, Oscar winning director of Slumdog Millionaire, has been asked to direct the next James Bond film.
The rand was steady against the dollar at midday on Wednesday, hovering around the 7.10 per dollar level as global risk aversion receded.
A senior citizen was found brutally murdered in his house in Sanwer late on Tuesday night.
Indian soybean futures are seen lower on Thursday, tracking Malaysian palm and on hopes of higher acreage, analysts said.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Tuesday released new seismic guidelines for nuclear power plants to ``re-evaluate seismic hazards.''
The Mekelle University said it has launched nine of the ten postgraduate programs it planned for this academic year.
OneUnited Bank was cited by Money Magazine for its high rate internet savings account in its January 2008 issue ``The Best Money Websites''.
A US State Department report released on Wednesday said Mindanao remains to be a terrorist haven owing to weak government control, lingering poverty and Islamic minority resentment.
A US marine deserter fled to Nova Scotia, threatened his mother with a handgun, then killed himself Friday.
Finjan Inc., a leading provider of Secure Web Gateway solutions for the enterprise market, today announced that it has raised $22 million in an investment round led by HarbourVest Partners, with participation by new and current investors Benchmark Capital, Israel Seed Partners, Benhamou Global Ventures, and Cisco.
Lifetime has canceled long-running, crime-busting show ``America's Most Wanted,'' EW has confirmed.
Fiji Retailers Association Himmat Lodhia says that apart from the consumers, the Retailers are also feeling the pinch of recent price hikes.
Double amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius achieved a career goal by qualifying for the world championships, fulfilling a five-year-long quest to compete at the highest level against able-bodied athletes.
CHARLESTON, SC An historian who is working to preserve slave cabins across the South is sleeping in the slave quarters of an historic house in Charleston.
Scientists, for the first time, peered into real time brain cell activity that underlay memory formation.
Olympique Marseille defender Souleymane Diawara was fined €4 500 on Tuesday for driving without a licence, a justice spokesman said.
Penang has been voted the city with the best hawker food in Asia by a CNN affiliate, Sin Chew Daily reported.
TV executives have reportedly agreed to let Lindsay Lohan play screen siren Dame Elizabeth Taylor in a new TV movie, as long as she keeps out of trouble.
Real Madrid transfer target Maicon has been tipped to stay at current club Internazionale this summer by his agent.
``It is a known fact that BJP pursues a double standard in its fight against corruption. Though BJP is raising corruption issues, it takes a different stand on the Yeddyurappa issue,'' CPI leader D.Raja told reporters outside Parliament.
McAuliffe said he will donate his salary to charity and he would like to see it used to help build gymnasiums at high schools, perhaps in Martinsville.
Walmart has opened a temporary hiring center in Little Rock to handle 300 job openings for its newest store in the city that opens soon.
HOMES fit for heroes and a playground for their children were unveiled at the end of an £8m refurbishment programme for military housing in Colchester.
Sheryl Crow is joining ABC's freshman hit Cougar Town in a recurring role, Entertainment Weekly reports.
A Glendale man has been sentenced to death for the second time in the fatal shooting of his teenage stepdaughter.
A Colorado couple who own a sled-dog racing business have been arrested on felony animal cruelty charges.
Despite the many rumors of cancellation, genre favorite TV series ``Fringe'' has been renewed for a fifth and final season.
``The Crucible'' by Arthur Miller, is coming to Stage 3 in Sonora from February 4 - March 6, 2011.
Kanpur, Dec 3 A minor girl was allegedly raped and attacked by two unidentified youths in Bachana village of Knapur district, police said today.
Italian public high school students are all sitting their final exams today, and their Italian exam also included a comment on Hannah Arendt's views of the Holocaust, as well as the responsibility that comes with science and technology.
A US soldier was killed Friday after he opened fire at officers at an army base in the state of Texas, a media report said.
Scarlett Johansson will make her Broadway debut opposite Liev Schreiber in a revival of A View From the Bridge, according to Variety.
In a brief press release, Apple today announced that it has filed a countersuit against Nokia for infringement of 13 Apple-held patents.
What do you think is the most popular colour for Bollywood rain?
Lady Gaga has been practising how to speak like the British Queen for her new show, and is even dressing like the royal.
The state is threatening to take over the Coconut Grove Playhouse if the current owner doesn't act soon.
Susan Boyle faced the music for the final time Saturday, performing in the finals of ``Britain's Got Talent.''
Steelers QB Byron Leftwich sprains ligament in left knee; could miss a month
IBM is in talks to buy Sun Microsystems, the Wall Street Journal and other US media outlets reported yesterday, citing people familiar with the matter, says Computing.co.uk.
Asian shares recovered ground Friday from panic selling as investors pinned their hopes on swift measures to boost the ailing US economy set to be unveiled by President George W. Bush, dealers said.
State police say a 36-year-old Houma woman died after she drove her car off the road into a ditch and hit a culvert.
Pettitte plans to announce his retirement Friday at a news conference at Yankee Stadium, a person familiar with the arrangements told The Associated Press.
TWO community support officers are going back to school in Swaffham to increase police presence and encourage students to voice any worries.
A reception was accorded to Oscar award-winner Resul Pookutty by Kerala Film Chamber of Commerce along with the various other organisations in the film industry in Kochi on March 11.
Teen superstar Justin Bieber is donating his famous locks to charity after undergoing a makeover.
Two off-duty Milwaukee police detectives shot at a suspect firing a gun into the air.
With all the crazy goings-on's in Comic Con a couple of weeks back somehow the news that there could be a Quantum Leap movie on the way got buried.
UK comparison booking website Cheapflights has defended air travel after the leak of a UN study that showed the shipping industry was by far a bigger polluter of CO 2 .
Six juveniles were arrested this week on charges of burglary and property damage, said Sikeston Dept. of Public Safety Sgt. Jim McMillen.
Online tax preparation site FreeTaxUSA said it now supports all 42 states with a state income tax.
Tejeda won his third straight start, pitching six solid innings as the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 2-1 on Sunday.
A former Olympic javelin thrower will attempt to break the world mullet toss record today on Perdido Key.
Major Ravi directed movie Kandahar will start rolling from June end.
A Somerset County man was sentenced today to 22 years in state prison for robbing the same bank twice in 2006.
A Dutch court acquitted right-wing politician Geert Wilders of hate speech and discrimination Thursday, ruling that his anti-Islam statements, while offensive to many Muslims, fell within the bounds of legitimate political debate.
The FDA is in receipt of a letter from a group of doctors and researchers urging the agency to take action on the caffeine levels in energy drinks.
Oliver Stone is taking his docu ``South of the Border'' on a whirlwind tour with a series of premieres in Spain and South America to be attended by the presidents of Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Venezuela.
The TUC is offering free training for Polish workers employed in cleaning, security and building services across Tower Hamlets and the City of London.
US markets posted gains Tuesday following positive numbers on European markets.
Arrow Electronics, a Fortune 140 company, announced Tuesday morning it will relocate its global headquarters from Melville, NY to Colorado.
Web payment firm Paypal has said it will block ``unsafe browsers'' from using its service as part of wider anti-phishing efforts.
A Reno group home is being fined $2,300 by state regulators for food safety, kitchen cleanliness and other safety concerns.
Montana gov. signs bill decriminalizing gay sex AP An obsolete law deeming gay sex as deviant -- akin to bestiality -- was stricken from Montana code Thursday, prompting gay rights activists to say they hope that full legal equality may be close at hand.
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday sought cooperation from the opposition for smooth running of the state assembly and said his government has done every thing to ensure that ``the proceedings in the house do not get disrupted''.
Jet Airways, India's premier international airline, on October 6 entered into a reciprocal frequent flyer partnership with bmi, the second largest airline at London Heathrow, one of the world's busiest and best-connected international airports.
SALT LAKE CITY -Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff was released from a hospital late Monday after doctors determined he is not suffering from a potentially deadly infection.
A 15-year-old boy from Teignmouth has been charged with robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.The youth, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Torquay Magistrates' Court, following an incident at Teign Wines, Teignmouth.
North Eastern province sank deeper into poverty, recording a 10 per cent increase from 64 to 74 per cent between 1999 and 2005/06.
Portrait of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko marked Freedom for Yulia Tymoshenko, was hung on the facade of the City Hall of Rome in solidarity and support for the leader of the Ukrainian opposition, Interfax reported.
After taking the first two games in San Diego, the Cubs are showing they can win on the road, too.
New compounds and novel applications for established products were evaluated in many of the clinical trials reported at the recent 49th annual NIMH-sponsored New Clinical Drugs Evaluation Unit meeting.
Jenson Button will have the first run in the new McLaren when pre-season testing starts next month, the Formula One team said.
New York Republican congressional candidate Jim Tedisco declared in a televised debate last night that he is not a millionaire.
Maria Sharapova was sent crashing out of the Australian Open at the first hurdle, losing 7-6 3-6 6-4 to fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko.
Jozef Kohut has made a return to the Guildford Flames by signing a new contract for them, marking the first time he's worn the colours of the Flames since the 2007/08 season.
Former Ugly Betty star Vanessa Williams is to join the cast of Desperate Housewives, according to US reports.
Yahoo Japan Corp. has said that it suspects up to 22 million user IDs may have been stolen during an unauthorised attempt to access the administrative system of its Yahoo! Japan portal.
The university said Friday in a statement that Broadway, who has a 35-12 record since he arrived from North Carolina Central in 2007, has agreed to stay at Grambling for a fifth season in 2001.
US stocks closed mixed on Friday as good corporate earnings were weighed against concerns over the US dollar as G20 finance ministers held talks in South Korea in a bid to avert a ``currency war''.
Former Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi has advised the rulers for showing mercy on national exchequer and that the ruling party must not hold public meetings on government expenses, Geo News reported on Sunday.
Kozhikode, Apr 16 Maintaining that sportspersons should be given top priority in the Olympic torch relay run in New Delhi tomorrow, former sprint queen PT Usha today said people from other walks of life should also join in the event to bring glory to the Olympic movement.
Bibendum is launching a summer campaign to promote English wines and spirits to the on-trade.
Hundreds of anarchists chanting ``cops, pigs, murderers'' marched through Athens yesterday hours after a gunman opened fire at a riot-police bus in a third week of anti-government protests since police shot dead a teenager.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was denied bail here Tuesday on a rape charge in Sweden as financial and legal pressures mounted over the website's publishing of secret documents.
Google said on Wednesday that it had uncovered a vast Iranian spy campaign that had been targeting tens of thousands of Iranian citizens over the past three weeks.
Sheffield hooker Andrew Henderson has won his case against former club Barrow for breach of contract at a Rugby Football League tribunal.
South Korea will ban all indoor and outdoor smoking in public places starting in 2011, to substantially reduce the country's smoking rate, the government said Wednesday, reports Yonhap news agency.
People look out over the Atlantic Ocean as Hurricane Igor approaches in Bermuda, Saturday, Sept. 18, 2010.
The Wilmette currency exchange owner whose body was found in the trunk of a car in Chicago late Wednesday was fatally shot in the face, an autopsy has found.
AJ Green worked out at Georgia's pro day on Tuesday without a single NFL scout or coach on the sideline.
Ontario has nominated health care and information technology executive, Raymond Hession as the new Chair of eHealth Ontario's board of directors.
Wellington-Dufferin-Guelph Public Health can find no evidence of elevated cancer risks in north Guelph or elsewhere, its board of directors was told Wednesday.
Earlier this evening, President Obama spoke at an LGBT Pride reception at the White House.
LeeTran will introduce its first hybrid bus to the public at a ceremony at 1:30 pm on Thursday, Dec. 10, at Florida Gulf Coast University.
Sosei Group has entered into a definitive distribution agreement with ASKA Pharmaceuticals for the commercialisation of the emergency contraceptive pill SOH-075.
Mylan Inc. today announced that it has acquired Merck KGaA's Central & Eastern Europe generics businesses, which include operations in Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia and the Czech Republic.
Australian fast bowler Brett Lee retired from international cricket on Friday, just days after he was forced to return home from England after sustaining another injury and a few months before he had pencilled in a possible exit from the game.
Licking Memorial Hospital temporarily is restricting children from visiting the hospital to protect its patients from the flu.
Complete shutdown was observed in all major cities and towns of occupied Kashmir including Srinagar, on Tuesday, the call for which was given by the Chairman All Parties Hurriyat Conference Syed Ali Gilani to draw world attention towards the miserable plight of the political prisoners languishing in jails.
A classy double from Gary Hooper helped Celtic beat Hibernian 3-0 to lift the Scottish Cup for the 36th time at Hampden Park yesterday.
After a weekend of speculation, the NBA announced on Monday that it will purchase the New Orleans Hornets.
The fall hunting season kicked off this Labor Day weekend.
Some interesting rumors have surfaced this morning on the worldwide web which claim that Nintendo was offered Project Natal before Microsoft and they turned it down.
The Palestinian cabinet yesterday resigned ahead of summer polls, as the leadership sought to boost its legitimacy after the collapse of peace talks and two Arab uprisings.
A HAMILTON man was last week jailed for a sectarian rant during a recent Orange march.
Voters in Serbia go to the polls today to choose a president in a closely contested race between pro-Western and nationalist candidates.
Liquidity has once again turned scarce in the inter-bank money market, forcing RBI to play the role of lender.
Armenian-born WBC and WBA super flyweight champion Vic Darchinyan won a clash of southpaws for the vacant IBO bantamweight crown with Thursday's 12-round, unanimous decision over Eric Barcelona before his hometown fans at the Leagues Club, Parramatta in New South Wales, Australia.
French retail giant Carrefour will cut the prices of selected goods at its 125 outlets in China from Friday through Feb. 9 to boost sales amid the global financial crisis.
Model and actress Liz Hurley confirmed on Twitter yesterday that she and her husband have separated.
Pegasystems Inc. , the leader in Business Process Management and software for customer centricity, today announced that Texas County & District Retirement System has chosen Pegasystems to modernize its legacy systems used to manage employer benefit plans.
Due to the Waldo Canyon fire, next week's SmackDown taping on Tuesday, July 10 at World Arena in Colorado Springs, CO has been canceled.
MAHMOUD Ahmadinejad has been sworn in as Iranian President as riot police broke up Opposition protests over an election that triggered the worst turmoil in the Islamic republic's history.
A man was fatally shot as he drove his car near Lynnwood early Tuesday morning.
Local television station Metro TV has threatened to boycott Asante Kotoko matches in the Glo Premier League following an attack on two of their journalists.
THOUSANDS of people attacked Chinese police in the southern city of Shenzhen from Friday afternoon to early Saturday morning, state media reported.
The Town of Banff will foot the bill for Coun.
ArcelorMittal announces it has entered into initial discussions with BHP Billiton to potentially combine our respective iron ore mining and infrastructure interests in Liberia and Guinea within a joint venture.
Romania shares the concern of the international community for the Iran issue, said Premier Emil Boc on Thursday in a press statement he made together with his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu.
Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard have spoken about working together on an upcoming movie, joking that they are ``codependent''.
A new government survey shows high gas prices have forced billions of Americans off the road this summer travel season.
Oscar-winning couple Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem are expecting their second child, according to US media reports on Friday.
Santa Rosa police are investigating the beating and possible sexual assault of an 18-year-old woman Friday morning.
Aston Villa manager Alex McLeish has handed England manager Roy Hodgson some good news by suggesting Darren Bent could be fit for Euro 2012.
Investec Loyal has won the Sydney to Hobart yacht race after a protest was dismissed at a hearing at the Royal Yacht Club of Tasmania in Hobart.
British police clash with student protesters as tens of thousands gathered in central London to denounce government plans to increase university tuition fees.
Fortis Healthcare today said it has entered into a pact with two hospitals in Dubai and Tanzania to set up specialised medical facilities there as part of its overseas expansion strategy.
A jockey has won an amazing seven races in one day at the horse races in Windsor.
Attackers have been using fake Chrome updates to lure victims for several months now, and the most recent scheme uses a similar approach as the past ones and also uses related files.
The recent move by the Manchester Evening News to a new out-of-town location has meant a homecoming for one of its local sister titles.
Reality TV star and model Holly Madison has insured her breasts for $1 million with Lloyd's of London, she told People magazine on Thursday.
Justin Bieber reportedly hooked up with Victoria's Secret model Barbara Palvin in Miami on Dec. 8, after she denied anything was going on with the Biebs on Twitter!
Fiery conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh was taken to a hospital after suffering chest pains and was resting comfortably Wednesday, his radio program said in a statement.
The coconut cake has been a Southern favorite for generations and is enjoying a recent renaissance as one of our favorite celebration cakes.
Skyvision, a UK-based provider of IP services over satellite and terrestrial fibre optic systems, has raised $25 million from Citi Venture Capital International.
Former US president George HW Bush remained in intensive care at a Houston hospital, but his condition ``continues to improve,'' Xinhua news agency reported a Bush family spokesman as saying Friday.
The Fromberg school board voted Tuesday night to investigate sexual harassment charges against the district's superintendent.
Last week, Yahoo launched Yahoo Buzz, which can be compared to a social news site like Digg.
Actress Emma Stone thinks Hollywood movies are getting more conservative because studio bosses are afraid of ``offending'' anyone.
THREE people were arrested in Lora del Rio, Sevilla, for allegedly blackmailing a man, accusing him of having sex with minors.
I believe both are valid reasons why USC is better than UCLA.
Nepalese police Thursday again broke up demonstrations by Tibetans protesting Chinese rule in Tibet and made several arrests, exile groups said.
Hong Kong stocks closed lower Monday on profit taking and a weak performance in the Chinese mainland stock market, with the benchmark Hang Seng index down 436.75 points to close at 22,849.20 .
A Benton man pleaded guilty to internet stalking of a child Saturday and was sentenced to 6 years in prison.
Software services major Infosys on Thrusday said it will stick to its target of hiring 35,000 people this fiscal but is not looking at wage hikes for now.
A St. Lawrence County judge dismissed two charges Tuesday against an Akwesasne man accused of using an excavator to dig up contaminated soil at a former General Motors Powertrain site.
Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko believes that the Constitution of Ukraine should be changed in favour of parliamentary republic.
Great Plains Energy Incorporated, Kansas City Power & Light Company and Aquila, Inc. have filed a required status report with the Missouri Public Service Commission regarding the pending Great Plains Energy and Aquila transaction.
Roy Hodgson has revealed he has verbally agreed a new contract to stay on as Fulham manager.
X FACTOR runner-up Jahmene Douglas has signed a record deal with music powerhouses Sony Records following his exploits on the reality television competition.
A Nicholas County couple is accused of setting their apartment on fire and endangering the lives of other tenants.
The financially-beleaguered Air Zimbabwe on Saturday dispatched an ``almost empty'' Boeing 767 to South Africa to pick up President Robert Mugabe as he flew back from a ``routine medical check-up'' in Singapore.Impeccable sources told our correspondent yesterday that the Boeing 767 -- with a capacity for 205 passengers -- left Harare on Saturday around 4am for Waterkloof Airforce Base Airport in Gauteng with about 10 cabin crew members to airlift Mugabe, his wife Grace and about 15 aides and security details.
She also talks about her friendship with Bella, adding, ``Bella and I have rings that say 'sisters.' It's like a friendship bracelet and makes us feel connected wherever we are or during bad times. I just look at my hand and remember that she has the exact same ring on and she loves me. It's a reminder that I'm never alone.``
Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti will force his players to watch a video nasty of the Sunderland defeat when they return from international duty.
Lil Wayne has lost a lawsuit against Quincy Jones III.
Microsoft filed another antitrust complaint against Google with the European Commission.
The death toll from a suicide bombing that targeted members of an anti-Taliban militia attending funeral prayers in Pakistan's northwestern region has risen to 40, police said yesterday.
A trio of potentially dangerous storms swirled over the Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday as Tropical Storm Karl formed in the Caribbean on a path that could take it over oil-production facilities in Mexico's Bay of Campeche.
Baltimore announced it signed 19 undrafted free agents, which doesn't include seven players it initially agreed to terms with after the draft:
A 45-year-old Cranston man risked his own life while stealing copper wires from utility poles to sell the copper as scrap.
Up to 5000 Christchurch residents have fled to Timaru in the past week since the devastating earthquake, police say.
BUCHAREST, Romania -Romanian football authorities have told all first-division clubs to instruct players to not spit during matches to lessen the risk of spreading swine flu.
Thai local police said the court has issued arrest warrants for 36 more anti-government protesters of the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship, Thai media reported.
Mesa has issued code violation citations to the owner of the empty Fiesta Village shopping center.
Carrols Restaurant Group spun off the homegrown Miami-based Pollo Tropical and its other Hispanic brands on May 7 to create a new publicly-traded company, Fiesta Restaurant Group.
Man killed in Brisbane traffic crash Updated: 23:30, Monday February 4, 2013 A man has been killed in a collision between two vehicles east of Brisbane on Monday afternoon.
The Vijay Mallya-promoted United Breweries on Tuesday announced the launch of locally brewed and bottled Heineken beer from its brewery in Taloja, near Mumbai.
Georgetown junior Hollis Thompson will declare for the NBA Draft and forgo his final year of eligibility, the school announced on Tuesday.
Allahabad, Dec 9 Three crude bombs were recovered in Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh on Thursday, two days after a child was killed in a blast in Varanasi.
Nebraska football player Ben Cotton was cited for alcohol possession and other violations after campus police were alerted to an argument at a residence hall.
Cowboys tight end Jason WItten won't need surgery for his injured spleen and is questionable to start the season opener against the Giants.
With the candidates for President and Vice President of the United States now officially nominated, the cable industry today announced it has launched 'Countdown to Youth Vote,' a continuation of its 'Our Time to Vote' non-partisan voter education and registration campaign.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP announced today that the Partnership filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2010.
A World Bank team today called on Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and discussed overall development in Bihar and progress of those schemes being sponsored by the international lender.
Wildfires on Monday continued ravaging Portugal and Spain, where such blazes have consumed tens of thousands of hectares of vegetation this summer, firefighters and officials said.
It's rumoured that Katie Price is indeed planning to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2013 as a contestant, with producers giving her the option to join in January or later next year for the summer CBB series.
Researchers say that blind and almost hairless, naked mole rats, hold the key to surviving a stroke.
By Celebrity Health & Fitness, January 17th, 2010 Michael C. Hall won his first Golden Globe, for his role as the avenging serial killer on Showtime's ``Dexter,'' but his struggle with cancer was hard to ignore, even if he wanted to.
(TOULOUSE) AirAsia Bhd said that it will run a contest to pick an engine supplier for its latest crop of Airbus 320 planes rather than automatically select its regular supplier, a General Electric Co and Safran SA venture.
It must have seemed odd to FBI agents that Chicago terror suspect David Coleman Headley carried a book with him called How to Pray like a Jew.
From shoplifters to armed robbers, several robberies turned violent over the past few days in Salinas.
Cleanpath Resources has launched new natural herbal supplements including Re-Load Male Enhancement, Re-Load 7 Hour Energy, Re-Load Detox and Re-Load Weight Loss.
A recent study accepted for publication in The Endocrine Society's Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism found that early, prolonged treatment with the diabetes drug metformin may prevent or delay the development of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescence.
Creative midfielder Rossi Jarvis is a big doubt for the Hatters ahead of tomorrow night's Coca-Cola League Two visit of Gillingham.
Darius Rucker is confirmed to replace Lionel Richie to headline the celebrity night show Saturday at the Lake Tahoe Summer Concert Series at the Harveys Outdoor Arena.
Eurozone industrial new orders growth slowed more than expected January, as demand for capital and non-durable consumer goods dropped.
HSBC has opted not to sell its headquarters building at 452 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan after bids came in between $400 million and $500 million last week.
Converge announced that they released on their Myspace a new song from their upcoming album ``Axe To Fall.''
A Scottish ski resort is to open all of its ski lifts for the first time in six years.
June 4, a Grand Blanc Township woman reported that she had been scammed for more than $2,700 by a fraudulent employer.
The Fasig-Tipton Co. has cataloged 160 yearlings for its Saratoga sale of selected yearlings on August 8-9 in Saratoga Springs, New York, down 20.8% from the 202 yearlings cataloged a year ago.
Minister of Finance Winston Dookeran has hailed Pundit Hardath Maharaj of Cumuto as ``a true nation builder.''
Israel shot down a drone Thursday as it approached its northern coast from neighboring Lebanon, raising suspicions that the Hezbollah militant group was behind the infiltration attempt.
The cause of the fish kill in the waters off the southwestern peninsula may never be known because the micro-biologist working with the Institute of Marine Affairs may not get the fish samples needed to do the tests.
The First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama has said she will ``keep in mind'' a visit to Galway and that her staff will be asked to make a note of it.
Chennai, Aug 7 The Indian economy is expected to grow at eight percent this fiscal, and inflation would moderate in a year's time, said a top government official here Thursday.
Washington, July 23 Air pollution, known for its damaging impact on health, is also fast degrading major ecosystems, according to a report.
The brokerage firm Stifel Nicolaus is staying in downtown St. Louis and plans to buy its office and expand.
Rocker Ozzy Osbourne has confirmed he and wife Sharon are not divorcing after 31 years of marriage, despite the rumours that the couple were spotted without wedding rings and are living apart.
Police intercepted another 'suspicious package' destined for Celtic manager Neil Lennon as the fallout from the latest bitterly contested Old Firm derby continues.
Impunity to those who attack journalists is hampering press freedom in Pakistan and all stakeholders including media organisations, government and civil society should join hands to devise some mechanisms for better safety of working journalists, said speakers of a round table here on Saturday.
China will cut interest rates from Friday, the central bank said, for the first time since 2008 amid concerns over a growth slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
India will launch three satellites next month and two more by the end of this year, said a senior official in Chennai.
Srinagar Sept 20 Curfew remained imposed in Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian and other parts of Kashmir as a 33-member all party delegation, headed by Union Home Minister P Chidambaram and comprising representatives from the mainstream political parties, arrived here Monday to assess the situation in Kashmir where 105 people died in violence since June 11.
Liverpool target Sylvain Marveaux, 25, has agreed terms to join Newcastle United after agreeing a five-year-deal at St. James' Park.
Amazon Web Services LLC, an Amazon.com company today announced new managed services for Windows developers with the worldwide launch of Amazon Relational Database Services for Microsoft SQL Server and ASP.NET support for AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
The Alabama softball team is tournament tested in more ways than one.
China will provide Armenia with 88 ambulances as a grant the next week, Armenian healthcare Minister Arutyunyan Kushkyan said today, News Armenia reports.
The rumors are true, teen heartthrob Robert Pattinson has signed on to play the deceased king of pop in the Michael Jackson biopic.
Al-Qaida deliberately targeted Canadians when it bombed a bus full of SNC-Lavalin employees this week, leaving 12 dead and 15 wounded, its Algerian branch said Friday.
In a poll conducted by Public Policy Polling, whose function is to ``put out highly accurate polling on key political races across the country,'' according to its website, 46 percent of Mississippians believe that interracial marriage should be illegal.
A grandfather has spoken of his surprise at discovering he was the inspiration for Dennis the Menace.
In response to a ``tough'' education budget released by Education Minister Dave Hancock Feb. 24, parents are concerned with the potential impact on student learning and the future of Alberta classrooms.
The 9/11 memorial in New York City was opened to the public for the first time on Monday.
Hinduism is not a religion, but a way of life, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said on Monday night in his maiden speech at the end of a month-long training camp at the RSS headquarters in Nagpur.
In a rare case, Mahindra Satyam that bought the scam-affected Satyam Computer Services has filed a suit against B. Ramalinga Raju, founder Chairman of the latter, and others in a city civil court Hyderabad, seeking damages, reports said.
TMZ.com Leicester Bryce Stovell filed a $4 million lawsuit against... http://bit.ly/av0eZw 3 hours ago sportshoodies LeBron James Scoffs at Paternity Lawsuit:
Nonprofit reproductive health services organization Pathfinder International has renewed its 23,329-square-foot lease in Watertown and expanded there by 6,838 square feet.
A female pedestrian was killed by a Caltrain in San Mateo on Monday evening, an agency spokeswoman said.
Environmental officials say a weeklong fire is threatening at least 10,000 birds in a huge nesting site in western Brazil.
August 01, 2011 Hollywood stars Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, in a surprise visit to Bosnia, on Saturday attended the closing ceremony of the Sarajevo Film Festival at which the actress received an honorary award.
DANIEL AGGER has delivered a scathing assessment of Liverpool, accusing them playing like ``headless chickens'' in the stalemate with Swansea.
Yesterday, Setton Farms of Terra Bella Inc. expanded their voluntary pistachio recall due to potential salmonella contamination.
The use of a nasal continuous positive airway pressure machine for more than 2 years may cause craniofacial changes in adults with obstructive sleep apnoea, according to a study published in the October issue of the journal CHEST.
Africa needs to adopt biotechnology to feed its starving millions, experts stressed at a conference in Entebbe, Uganda early this week.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has just received his new Chevrolet Volt and he says ``it's the car of the future I think the Volt is absolutely phenomenal. A friend of mine drove one in the States and kept going on and on about it, so when I had the opportunity I said 'yeah I'm going to try it because it's the car of the future, really'. I'm very pleased with it.''
Australian actor Sam Worthington is a strong favorite to play the coveted character of the 'Phantom' in the latest movie adaptation of the comic book.
Aberdeen boss Craig Brown has revealed that he will retire at the end of the season.
Russell Pearce, the sponsor of the controversial SB 1070 law that sparked a new flash point in the country's immigration debate, is facing a recall election in his district in Arizona.
Anglo American Plc said Anglo American Platinum Ltd. issued an update in respect of its Rustenburg operations.
InterContinental Hotels & Resorts announced an exclusive partnership with Agraria, America's oldest and largest luxury home fragrance company, to provide guest amenities at the 170 InterContinental hotels and resorts around the world, beginning next summer.
Citrix is moving into the mobile network optimization market with its announced purchase of Bytemobile.
May 17, 2010 MTSU women's basketball assistant coach Tom Hodges was introduced as Morehead State new head coach on Monday.
Three Forward Bloc activists were shot dead by armed Maoists in Purulia district, police said today.
Google has released the first update of its much-anticipated head-mounted Glass, which, although only reaches the shelves towards the end of the year, has already been in the hands of developers since February.
The Coast Guard rescued six people from a disabled 38-foot boat in the Ponce De Leon Inlet.
Kate Moss has said she never wanted to be a model and thought the profession was 'vain' and 'embarrassing'.
Cleveland native John Ford was caught on tape eating the evidence after he was arrested for allegedly robbing a local bank.
State Sen. Scott White was found dead in his hotel room at the Suncadia Resort on Friday night.
NICOLE Richie showed off her slender post-baby body yesterday, just twenty days after giving birth.
Celtic striker Scott McDonald admits that he is a moaner on the field but it's all for a good reason.
Actor Stacy Keach, who's been starring on a Los Angeles stage in a touring version of ``Frost/Nixon,'' suffered a mild stroke but is not expected to have any permanent impairment.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe should be removed from office by force if necessary and South Africa should help, a senior member of the breakaway party from the ruling African National Congress said today.
The National Weather Service has issued a flash flood watch for portions of the Northeast from western New England to New York's Catskill Mountains.
Nashville Predators defenseman Shane O'Brien was suspended two games by the NHL on Friday.
Germany will not install body scanner at the airport before finishing relative tests for the machines, German government said on Monday, rejecting pressure to follow the example of Britain and the Netherlands immediately.
The Washington Capitals eliminated the New York Rangers in five games in a best-of-seven, first-round NHL Eastern Conference playoff series.
A former St. Albans police officer was sentenced Monday to five months in prison and seven months home confinement on federal gun charges.
Czech Airlines celebrates the 85th anniversary of the launch of its operations.
EPiServer, the world's fastest growing provider of platforms to drive online engagement, has boosted its partner network to 500 active partners worldwide, to take advantage of increasing demand for engaging websites that deliver results.
A day after a separatists-sponsored shutdown, life returned to normal in Kashmir Valley today as shops and businesses opened and vehicles plied on roads.
Dry conditions and hot weather have heightened wildfire danger in western Missouri and throughout the state.
French tennis player Nathalie Dechy is retiring to concentrate on her family life.
Amidst well-publicized reports that state Rep. Lewis Evangelidis of the 1st Worcester District was considering a run for Worcester County sheriff, the Landmark sat down to discuss the future with Evangelidis.
Farm families won a hard-fought battle on Thursday when the US Department of Labor formally withdrew the proposed rule that would have prevented many young people from working in agriculture.
Police are appealing for help and information following an assault in Bath on Sunday April 4.
The Army is drilling two geothermal wells at its Hawthorne Army Depot to power a generating plant that will be capable of providing electricity to approximately 50,000 homes in Western and Northern Nevada as well as the base, according to a senior Pentagon official.
A Koromiko man hit his ex-partner, pushed her over and threatened her with a softball bat because of a dispute over their relationship break-up.
Reliance Natural Resources chairman Anil Ambani on Tuesday accused the Petroleum Ministry of being biased in the legal dispute with brother Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries over the price of natural gas from the Krishna-Godavari basin.
John Leguizamo, voice of Sid the Sloth in the blockbuster ``Ice Age'' film franchise, presented ``Ice Age:
50 Cent has said that he always knew he would grow up to be rich and famous.
Canadian scientists have discovered how to turn an embryonic stem cell into a so-called ``master'' heart cell that can then turn into an ``endless supply'' of three different cell types found in a human heart, according to an online edition of the journal Nature posted on Wednesday.
and thousands of Bay Area students still need to get a required whooping cough vaccine before classes start.
The referendum on the abolition of the Seanad is likely to take place in October, the same month as the budget.
Ella Henderson has said that she would love to duet with Adele in the final of the talent show.
Bank of Japan on Tuesday decided to expand the size of its asset purchase by JPY 10 trillion to JPY 30 trillion in order to overcome deflation and achieve sustainable economic growth.
Vasquez, who just returned to practice on Tuesday, worked with the first team for the first time today.
Spiderman wasn't in any danger during show stoppage, he insists.
Luton have denied all 17 charges made against them relating to alleged irregular payments they made to agents between July 2004 and 2007.
KARIM Benzema rescued a point for Lyon as the French champions drew 2-2 with Fiorentina in their opening UEFA Champions League Group E match.
New Zealand dollar spiked up further against major currencies during New York mid-day session on Friday.
Verint Systems, a maker of communications and security software, said Monday that it's acquiring Comverse Technology, a holding company that owns both Verint and telecom billing software and services company Comverse Inc.
Tata Communications Ltd. is in talks to offer telecommunication infrastructure services to Reliance Industries Ltd., as the energy company led by billionaire Mukesh Ambani prepares to launch wireless broadband services.
Ownership of the bankrupt Christ Hospital in Jersey City has finally changed hands, with a for-profit entity taking control of the Palisade Avenue medical facility nearly one year after Christ Hospital declared itself for sale.
Revision3, the online video firm which produces and distributes original shows such as Diggnation, has acquired the rights to Hak5, a grass roots Web series centered on do-it-yourself, at home IT projects.
Former York City winger Craig Nelthorpe has signed for Blue Square Bet Premier rivals Gateshead.
Third-placed Juventus kept the pressure on in Serie A as they won 3-1 at Catania, while Sampdoria thrashed Bari and Bologna put their off-field distractions to one side.
France wants to clamp down on Internet piracy with a new agency to warn and punish cybersurfers who download illegally from the web, according to a bill presented to cabinet yesterday.
Donald Duck, one of the favorite Disney cartoon characters, is all set to turn 77 on Thursday.
Authorities in Washington state have seized 39 horses, many of them found in standing in dung and urine in filthy stalls.
Former state Rep. Dennie Oxley II appeared today in a Marion County court, a day after he was charged with misrepresenting himself as a current state legislator last week to avoid arrest for public intoxication.
Two Indonesian men have been jailed for sheltering terrorists behind last year's attacks on two Jakarta hotels that killed seven people, including three Australians.
Arla Foods has launched a new direct milk supply contract as part of a recruitment drive to secure an additional 500m litres of milk a year from UK farmers.
Canada on Sunday confirmed that at least six cases of swine flu have been found in the country, according to health officials, Xinhua reported.
Minnesota center Ralph Sampson III could miss the Big Ten tournament because of a knee injury.
A Chinese fugitive could be freed from the Fraser Regional Correctional Centre as early as today if Immigration and Refugee Board officials don't deem him to be a flight risk.
A fuel tanker rammed through a funeral cortege at Bibiani Old Town on Saturday, killing five mourners instantly and severely injuring several others, local police have said.
George P. Bush, a recently announced candidate for land commissioner and the grandson of former President George Bush, talked about the Eagle Ford Shale while at an event Friday in New Braunfels.
Muammar Gaddafi has issued a defiant message from hiding in which he vowed ``never to leave the land of his ancestors'' and denied claims he had fled the country for neighbouring Niger.
The $5bn Barzan gas field joint venture between Qatar Petroleum and ExxonMobil has been delayed by up to one year to cut costs, reported MEED.
Iran condemned on Sunday the recent Israeli airstrikes on Syria and urged regional countries to resist such acts of 'aggression,' Fars news agency reported, referring to Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehman-Parast.
The space shuttle Endeavour was given a ``go'' for launch Wednesday, clearing the way for its final flight and the second last of the space shuttle program.
Ex-Beatle Paul McCartney, 65, had a ``secret'' routine heart operation last autumn from which he has recovered well, his spokesman told yesterday's edition of the Daily Mirror newspaper.
Senior DMK leader and Lok Sabha MP TR Baalu has demanded new rail link projects for Tamil Nadu in the coming Rail budget, a new railway terminal in Rayapuram and making bi-weekly Chennai-Rajdhani a daily service.
Binyamin Netanyahu, Israel's leading candidate to become the country's next prime minister, said he would topple the Hamas regime in Gaza if he is elected.
A body found in a cave in southern Indiana may be that of a missing spelunker.
Icelandic musician Björk premiered her new music video for her song 'Mutual Core' from her upcoming Biophilia remix album Bastards at the Museum of Contemporary Art in LA last night.
Iguodala finished as the league leader in minutes played and minutes per game after playing 47 minutes in the finale.
LONDON - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he has no plans to retire as he approaches his 60th birthday.
At 10:25 hours IST,the benchmark Sensex was trading with marginal gains, led by financial, realty, technology, metal, capital goods and select auto companies' shares.
SEOUL - The Bank of Korea is expected to keep its benchmark rate unchanged for the seventh straight month in March as it continues to balance between managing a moderating economy and rising prices, economists said.
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman pleaded no contest to misdemeanor spousal battery Tuesday and was ordered to undergo counseling and to perform highway or other physical labor.
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan reaffirmed Beijing was sticking to a ``prudent'' monetary policy in remarks published yesterday, and stressed the need for banks to increase support for small firms and the agricultural sector.
BC-GLFChevron Challenge,0266 Kim takes the lead at Chevron Challenge Eds:
Airbus has started transporting the first aircraft segments, including the composite tailplane, to the new single-aisle assembly line in Tianjin, China.
A group of complex systems theorists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich has concluded, after analyzing the relationships among 43,060 transnational corporations that 147 companies control about 40% of the world's wealth.
A senior al Qaeda operative, Abu Hafs al-Shahri, was killed in northwest Pakistan earlier this week, US officials said Thursday.
A proposed Newton casino and resort hotel would be built adjacent to the Iowa Speedway on Interstate Highway 80, providing a ``golden opportunity'' to add another major attraction to the community, casino supporters said Monday night.
Turkey's foreign minister said on Friday that Turkey would launch an initiative at the United Nations Office in Geneva for humanitarian aid to Syria.
Michelin is to cut 730 jobs at one of its French plants, prompting angry protests from trade unions, as the tyremaker became the latest automotive manufacturer to react to a slide in demand in Europe.
The Missouri S&T Symphonic Band and Wind Symphony will perform their first concert of the spring semester at 2 pm Sunday, Feb. 22, in Leach Theater of Castleman Hall.
The long-awaited Minnesota Vikings stadium bill has formally landed in the bill queue at the Capitol.
After playing a cop in Sriram, Uday Kiran is set to play a cop for a second time in his forthcoming film, to be directed by Balaji N Sai.
Sharon Osbourne, Ozzy not divorcing, she says on 'The Talk' Sharon Osbourne says she and husband Ozzy aren't splitting.
Crimea is ready to provide holidays for children from Russian regions affected by peat and forest fires.
US states face years of fiscal crisis, even after the economy rebounds, without fundamental reforms in the way state governments function, a report warns.
A Texas man was injured Monday when he fell from one of the railroad bridges at Meadowlake Park.
FBR Capital Markets Corporation, a leading investment bank serving the middle market, announced today that it has launched a Prime Brokerage platform within its Institutional Brokerage group.
MISMANAGEMENT and lack of coordination marred the ceremony held on Wednesday to recognise the achievement of position-holders of matriculation annual examination 2010, thanks to the authorities of the Board of Intermediate & Secondary Education, Lahore.
Prime Minister Mario Monti of Italy won a confidence vote in the Lower House on Friday, speeding up the parliamentary passage of the 30-billion-euro budget bill aimed at restoring market confidence in the Italian economy and restarting its sluggish growth.
Kim Kardashian doesn't want to receive baby gifts and she and Kanye West have instead asked for donations to be sent to a children's hospital.
A 36-year-old Yakima man was stabbed to death sometime after a bar fight early this morning.
The final 12 member Samurai team to the Uprising Fiji International 7s will be known at the end of the week.
that Rubens Barrichello will test an IndyCar at Sebring next Monday/Tuesday with KV Racing.
YouTube users are now uploading 100 hours worth of video to the content viewing platform every single minute.
Four police officers were killed Tuesday in an attack by suspected communist rebels in the Philippines, an army brigade commander said.
More businesses are hiring debt collectors to improve their cash flow during the financial crisis, a leading collection agency says.
The Orioles today announced that they have acquired RHP SCOTT PROCTOR from the San Francisco Giants in exchange for cash considerations.
A briefcase that turned out to be empty prompted the evacuation of a shopping center this morning, according to police.
Senator and presidential hopeful John McCain visited New Hampshire today and spoke to a crowd of over 400 people telling them how necessary the state is to him winning the election.
Cable & Wireless completed its long-awaited demerger yesterday in a move that sees the creation of separate companies for its blue-chip and regional telecoms operations.
Pope Benedict XVI will visit Cuba in March and perform two open-air masses on the communist island as part of his upcoming trip to Mexico and Cuba, Roman Catholic Church officials said on Sunday.
A Saudi cleric has announced on his television show that he will visit Jerusalem next week to bolster Muslim claims to the city.
Assemblywoman Nancy Calhoun today announced that she is sponsoring a bill that aims to reduce property taxes on already overburdened homeowners and businesses in New York state.
The number of active smartphone users around the world has topped 1 billion, according to a global research and consulting firm, and that number is only increasing.
Samsung Electronics posted record quarterly profit of $5.15-billion, driven by booming sales of its smartphones and the Galaxy Note 'phablet', which it hopes will show it has a flair for innovation to match rival Apple Inc. .
Indiana Democrats holed up in Illinois for weeks are back in Indiana.
The Indian rupee eased on Monday tracking weaker domestic shares but industrial output was eyed for further cues.
Cabinet leaks and a Mark Latham ambush almost brought down Labor in the election, the party's federal boss says.
London: 20th March 2008 - Last.fm today announced a partnership with Netlog, one of Europe's biggest social networks, which will allow users to add Last.fm widgets to their profile pages.
British MP Paul Flynn says the majority of public opinion wants UK troops withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Finns perceive more threats around them now than during the cold war.
6 persons have been killed when a city rider bus catches fire on Friday morning near Bhanjanagar in Ganjam ditrict.
A marine who grew up in Baytown and moved to Mathis near Corpus Christi was killed in Afghanistan.
Marisa Miller has been named the new NFL spokesperson, her rep confirms to Gossip Cop.
Australia's most wanted fugitive -- a survival expert who outwitted police for seven years by living in dense and rugged forest -- was finally captured in a remote cabin today.
In a major relief for former president Mohamed Nasheed, the Maldivian high court on Monday stayed temporarily the trial against him in a abuse of power case till it decides legitimacy of the bench of the lower court.
Sugar refiner and sweetener maker Tate & Lyle said on Wednesday it had made a satisfactory start to its financial year and was on track to make progress for the year as a whole.
Christmas tree permits are now available from the Mendocino National Forest for this holiday season.
A Russian paraglider pilot got lost in India during the Himalaya mountains expedtion.
The Hornets are involved in trade discussions with several teams to improve their bench, so starters Chris Paul and David West won't have to continue playing extended minutes.
Miley Cyrus gets swatted again and this time the call came in from a female giving Miley's address.
Critically acclaimed album heavy-rock masterminds Mastodon won a pair of prestigious awards in London this past week for its current album, The Hunter.
``Once again, we reiterated that the conflict must be solved in the framework of the OSCE Minsk Group on the principles of the UN Charter and Helsinki Final Act. Threats to use force and armed provocations are unbecoming to the Europe of the 21st century just as xenophobic statements, intolerance, and attempts to revise history,'' President Serzh Sargsyan told reporters at the Presidential Palace following his meeting with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy.
Former Maldives President Mohamed Nasheed has been charged with illegally ordering the arrest of a senior judge.
A Mesa babysitter was sentenced to 6 months in jail Friday, for leaving a toddler in a hot van, 5 Years ago.
Florida led the nation in mortgage delinquency in the third quarter with a 13.09 percent rate, and Orlando's rate was nearly a half-point higher, according to a report released Nov. 13 by TransUnion.
A 21-year-old Batavia mother is accused of hurting her baby after the infant would not stop crying.
TTG Digital reports that Gatwick Airport in Sussex plans to expand until it can accommodate 40 million passengers per year by 2020.
A new study released today by my organization, the Violence Policy Center, ranks California counties by their youth homicide victimization rates.
Mike Moroney has spring aspirations for nicely bred two-year-old Sabrage who makes his debut at Caulfield on Saturday.
Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Frimpong will join Wolves on loan from January 1 until the end of the season, the north London club have confirmed on their website.
Lord Mandelson and Lord Prescott may both have been targeted by phone hackers working for a tabloid newspaper, it has been claimed.
The US Coast Guard has warned that proposed California Air Resources Board low-sulphur fuel regulation for ships could lead to equipment failures and loss of power, according to a report in Marine Log.
Steel Beam Theatre of St. Charles seeks candidates for seats on its 11-member board of directors.
Pune, Apr 11 Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid won the toss and elected to bat against Pune Warriors in their IPL match, here today.
The Colorado Rockies got a pair of pitching reinforcements Wednesday, claiming Livan Hernandez off waivers from the Minnesota Twins and activating Jeff Francis from the disabled list.
The Golden League athletics series is to be doubled from six to 12 meets from 2010 onwards, a top official of the International Association of Athletics Federation said Sunday.
On the evening of June 1, the Nevada legislature passed SB 212, which provides for a distribution requirement for statewide initiatives.
He lost an appeal of his conviction today.
Irish republican dissidents have issued a coded bomb threat for central London, Scotland Yard has confirmed.
Tate & Lyle announces that it has entered into a pre-financing agreement with the Jamaican government for the supply of raw sugar.
Actress Scarlett Johansson has filed a lawsuit against a French publisher over the rights to her name.
Former Spain striker Raul Gonzalez has kicked off an anti-hunger campaign during which many of Europe's top football clubs will raise awareness of the plight in west Africa's Sahel region, where 10 million people need help.
Marquette beats Colgate 84-63 in opener It wasn't quite like playing on an aircraft carrier, but Marquette will certainly take the result.
A clash erupted between two groups of the transporters over possession of the transport depot.
Nashville-based Pinnacle Financial Partners lost $3.98 million during the fourth quarter, or 12 cents per share, as it increased provisions for bad loans, the bank reported today.
Indiana freshman guard Eric Gordon says he's going pro. Gordon announced Monday afternoon that he will to leave IU for the NBA draft.
Sammir Dattani seems to be on a high these days, ask him why and he says, Its this buzz in the air!
Feb 24, 2011 PRINT SHARE COMMENTS Sri Lanka today expressed ``satisfaction'' over resolution of the issue of fishermen with India, saying it ``deeply values'' close bilateral relations with the country.Sri Lankan External Affairs Minister GL Peiris told parliament here that the issue of fishermen between India and Sri Lanka has been resolved.
Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, have arrived in court at the start of the 20th and decisive hearing of their joint appeal against convictions for the murder of the British student, Meredith Kercher.
YourLUME, the Portland-based online retailer dedicated to supporting outdoor causes, announces their newest brand partnership with Sherpani.
UK exports hit record highs of £25.5 billion in August in a rare bright spot for the British economy.
RSU Public Television will rebroadcast its latest documentary, ``Rogers State University: The First 100 Years,'' at 9 pm Thursday.
Two construction workers sustained burns when their equipment caught fire earlier this morning, sending one man to the hospital, police said.
Actress Angelina Jolie says she feels safe ``growing old'' with her partner Brad Pitt.
Stock indexes finished higher Wednesday following reports that China will come to the aid of Europe by investing in a financial rescue fund.
The body of a naked man was found washed up on Burnham beach on Monday morning.
Tobey Maguire is attached to produce ``Afterburn,'' a comicbook adaptation that Neal Moritz's Original Films is producing.
In a recent study by University of Kentucky researchers, watermelon was shown to reduce atherosclerosis in animals.
Rangers have recalled Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper Grant Adam from Forfar after less than two weeks on loan.
Fast bowler Zaheer Khan, who is currently recovering from an injury, will play in Ranji Trophy matches to assess his fitness before the Australian tour scheduled during December.
Augusta Resource Corporation announced today that the Toronto Stock Exchange has consented to the adoption of Augusta's previously announced shareholder rights plan, subject to, among other things, shareholder ratification of the Rights Plan no later than six months from the date of adoption.
Minnesota governor and possible presidential hopeful Tim Pawlenty will campaign with Bob McDonnell tomorrow in Richmond.
The setbacks suffered by the Communist movement all over the world, including eastern Europe are only temporary, a Communist youth leader from the eastern Indian state of West Bengal has said.
Red Bulls Tim Cahill ignored doctors orders and played injured in the New York's 2-1 win over the Philadelphia Union, insisting 'players should play regardless'.
Union minister for forest and environment Jairam Ramesh today said Rs3000 crore would be spent for setting up sewage treatment plants in 19 Bihar towns under National Ganga River Basin Authority in the next five to six years.
Sachin Tendulkar (Images) hit back at his critics who questioned his inability to strike form in one-day cricket of late, saying he does not bother about the comments of those without any credibility.
Guidance Software Inc., the World Leader in Digital Investigations™, today announced EnCase® Legal Hold, a web-based litigation hold and tracking solution that is tightly integrated with EnCase® eDiscovery, the industry standard for the identification, search, collection, preservation and processing of electronically stored information.
Odds of an ECB rate cut are just slightly better than 50/50 as the central bank prepares for its rate-setting meeting tomorrow.
Tiger Woods is to take an indefinite break from professional golf, admitting he cheated on his wife and bowing to the pressure of two weeks of frenzied media scrutiny of his private life.
VoIP and voice networking solutions developer AudioCodes Ltd. swung to a net loss on lower revenue for the third quarter, missing analysts' revenue and earnings forecasts.
Palestinian children fly kites to show their solidarity with the Japanese people near a Japanese-funded housing project in Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip March 18, 2012.
Sodexo has won a £14.4m contract to manage conference and hotel services at the Stirling Management Centre - an enterprise of the University of Stirling.
President of the Republic, Field Marshal Omer Hassan Al Bashir affirmed the importance of the African states cooperation to confront the colonial domination of the great powers.
Bombings and shootings around Iraq killed 22 people and wounded more than 50 on Thursday, authorities said, as a spike in violence made June Iraq's bloodiest month in almost a half a year.
Then join us in congratulating the lovely David Tennant who is apparently getting married today!
Topless Thai painter stirs debate Updated: 04:18, Tuesday June 19, 2012 An episode of Thailand's Got Talent has stirred a morality debate after a contestant painted a canvas using her bare breasts, drawing a rebuke from the culture minister who called it shocking.
/Lyudmila Malko/ ``India plans to strengthen cooperation with Kazakhstan'', Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of India to Kazakhstan, Ashok Sajjanhar announced during his 2-day reconnaissance visit to the region, Kazinform reports.
Two men were arrested and booked with burglary after a wild rooftop chase through a Metairie neighborhood early this morning.
Verizon has finally implemented a user review feature on their main website.
Irish actor Milo O'Shea, he of the expressive, bushy, and horizontal black slashes above his twinkling dark eyes, died Tuesday, April 2 in New York at age 86.
Torchwood executive producer Julie Gardner has said that only 'time will tell' if Torchwood returns for another season or not.
The TCU men¹s basketball program added a home date for November 22nd when the Horned Frogs square-off against McNeese State with a 7:00 pm tip-off at the Daniel-Meyer Coliseum.
US President Barak Obama telephoned Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ahead of this week's scheduled proximity talks, mediated negotiations between Israel and the PA handled by US envoy George Mitchell.
Six UN staff were killed when Taliban militants attacked an international guest house in Kabul while a rocket was fired at a foreign-owned hotel in the Afghan capital, forcing 100 guests into an underground bunker.
Texas Tech travels to New Mexico for Tuesday's game featured on CBS College Sports Network.
Joanne and Larry Adelman of Solon celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary on Aug. 26 with a family trip to Seven Springs, Pa., followed by a surprise celebration given by their children and grandchildren at the Doo Wops concert at Cain Park.
India and South Korea decided to upgrade their bilateral relations to a 'strategic partnership' that is expected to deepen cooperation in the areas of economy, defense, science technology and culture.
Gong Yoo, who's recently made his comeback to the small screen through KBS' 'Big', has renewed his contract with coffee brand KANU for his second year.
Local government contractor Mouchel has rejected takeover bids from both Interserve and Costain, as it revealed a 73% drop in pre-tax profits.
Canadian stocks rose a fourth day, led by banks, after the government pledged more aid for lenders and investors speculated the US will set up a so-called bad bank to purge financial firms of their insolvent assets.
The Obama administration announced Wednesday plans to scale back rules on health insurance appeals put forth by the 2010 health reform law, according to a Kaiser Health News report.
French crooner Henri Salvador, who first went on stage in the cabarets of pre-war Paris and played guitar with Django Reinhardt, died in Paris on Wednesday aged 90, his record company announced.
NASA launched a new communication satellite yesterday to stay in touch with its space station astronauts and relay more Hubble telescope images.
Syrian has appointed Nawaf al-Faris as its ambassador to Iraq, Al Jazeera's correspondent in Damascus reported.
Specialist insurer Hiscox has warned households against making false economies to try and ease the effects of the economic downturn.
Free one-hour larvicide training is offered by the Bureau and Putnam County Health Department in conjunction with the La Salle County Health Department and the Illinois Department of Public Health.
A 23-year-old man pleaded guilty on Friday to stealing an array of tools worth more than €2329.37, from the Corradino Industrial Zone.
Air Berlin, a low-fare carrier that is Germany's second largest airline, is joining Oneworld under the sponsorship of British Airways.
So surely we can make allowances when some Americans think Pippa Middleton is an Adult Film Star after all dare we say 'they have good taste.
AP Business Writer Samsung Electronics Co. promoted its chairman's only son to vice chairman, putting the 44-year-old closer to the top leadership position at the world's largest maker of memory chips, mobile phones and TVs.
A new study by scientists in Los Angeles, California has found that bright city lights makes air pollution worse because the glare of the lights interferes with chemical reactions that clean the air of pollution during the night.
OptionEase, a player in On Demand Software as a Service applications for fair market value accounting and compliance, has closed $2.5 Million in series A financing, led by GADS Option Fund, a private equity fund out of Irvine, California, with participation from the company's current investors.
Dom DeLuise, the big, boistrous comic actor who seemed perpetually on the verge of the giggles as Burt Reynolds' caped crony in the Cannonball Run movies, died in a Los Angeles-area hospital about 6 pm on Monday, E!
Mike Wallace, a pioneering broadcaster and longtime ``60 Minutes'' correspondent noted for his tough interviews, died Saturday night at the age of 93 in a care facility in Connecticut.
Baron Davis drives past Jose Calderon and finishes strong at the rim.
FAIRFAX Media chief executive David Kirk has lashed out at critics of the media group, saying it was ``galling to listen to self-appointed experts prattle from the sidelines''.
A Jacksonville police officer found dead in his patrol car in front of the Sheriff's Office last week was laid to rest Tuesday.
``I don't want the dog to be put down, but the city does,'' Mohamed said.
India stock futures ended lower on Thursday on continued profit booking in select bluechip counters and as investors exit positions in an uncertain market.
TROY, Mich. Friends, family and supporters gathered Friday to pay tribute to the late Dr. Jack Kevorkian, remembering him for his courageous devotion to the cause of physician-assisted suicide, which cost him his freedom late in life.
Westonia Shire chief executive officer Bill Price said he was happy to see work started on the museum.
Palestinian militants in Gaza launched a rocket Tuesday at the Israeli city of Ashkelon after several days of calm, Israeli police said.
Gates arrived in Baghdad today in advance of Tuesday's change of command ceremony, when Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno is scheduled to takes over for Gen. David H. Petraeus as the top US commander.
DJ AM attended a memorial service Monday for a victim of the plane crash which left him badly burned.
The deputy minister for Education and Vocational Training, Ms Gaudensia Kabaka, has donated 60 wheelchairs to disabled people in all six districts of Mara Region.
The Sweet Sioux Tomahawk, long a symbol of the Illinois-Northwestern football rivalry, is going the way of Chief Illiniwek.
Merryspring is offering a children's gardening program called ``Kids Can Grow'' this spring and summer.
VeriComply, Inc. announces the formation of a strategic advisory committee representing 130 years of combined expertise.
A man is attacked while sleeping in his own bed.
Emmy-award winner actor Bobby Cannavale talks about working with Alan Alda in his new film 'Diminished Capacity.
Such is the case as we ran across the rumors coming from Design Week that Banksy is in talks to take the head spot over at D&AD, the UK-based educational charity and host of a big-time annual awards show.
Youngsters will be going wild in the woods this Wednesday as they step out onto the new Woodland Woods nature trails.
A South Jersey legislator has introduced a bill that would move school board and fire district elections to November.
A GOLD Coast bouncer has lost his security licence after assaulting a person outside a Surfers Paradise nightclub.
Two WellStar Health System hospitals are ranked among the best in metro Atlanta by US News and World Report magazine.
Reports today claim that Cheryl Cole has turned to religion after her ``worst year ever ''.
A 17-year-old Tilbury man was arrested in relation to an incident involving his father Sunday on Crawford Street.
Travel is not recommended on the TransCanada Highway from Tompkins to the Alberta border as a result of snowy conditions.
Crude oil fell below $78 per barrel on Tuesday as shares retreated and on expectations that as low rise in China's currency would have a more limited impact on global demand than initially anticipated.
Municipal food inspectors detected 2,510 violations committed by several eateries, bakeries, juice stalls and coffee shops in Doha this year.
There is no such thing as a free burglar alarm, trading standards officers are warning.
Indiana University East was picked to finish first in the conference in a preseason poll released Monday.
The Arizona Diamondbacks right hand pitcher Daniel Hudson is showing some progress regarding his shoulder injury.
Johan Santana snapped the New York Mets out of their recent doldrums, pitching seven effective innings to beat the feisty Florida Marlins 5-3 in the National League on Tuesday.
India cottonseed oilcake, or kapaskhali futures ended higher on Wednesday on short covering, offsetting sluggish demand in the physical market, analysts said.
Baltimore Ravens tight end Todd Heap limped off the field Saturday morning with a right calf injury.
Baltimore Orioles minor league right-handed pitcher Daniel McCutchen was suspended 50 games for violating Major League Baseball's drug policy for using a banned substance, the league announced Saturday.
British oil giant BP pleaded not guilty to 14 criminal counts Tuesday in federal court in New Orleans, but the company's lawyers said that was only to conform with court procedure and signaled that they intend to plead guilty at a later date.
A Jamie Wyeth portrait of his late father has sold for $2.4 million at an auction to benefit a museum that is devoted to the Maine-related artworks of three generations of Wyeths.
A 52-year-old Ridgetown man accused of possession of child pornography is scheduled to return to court May 5.
Illinois Sen. Roland Burris says he welcomes an investigation by the Senate's ethics committee and at least one watchdog group is pushing for an investigation.
Vic man accidentally shot in face Updated: 17:16, Sunday May 19, 2013 A Victorian man is in a serious but stable condition in hospital after a gun accidentally discharged in his face.
Traders are ignoring the continued concerns over the eurozone this morning as the FTSE commences the week on the front foot.
A cutting edge coal recovery company plans is moving its offices to Somerset County from Pittsburgh.
We've got two great cases for you of when technology and creativity come together and become something amazing.
Ferdowsi narrated tragic scenes with subtle satire that helps the reader overcome pity and follow the story, Iranian satirist Manuchehr Ehterami said.
With temperatures in the single digits and a wind chill that makes it feel below zero, it's dangerously cold outside.
Major League Baseball has announced that Game 6 of the World Series has been postponed because of inclement weather and a forecast that calls for rain throughout the day.
American Patrick Deneen again beat Canada's Mikael Kingsbury to win a World Cup dual moguls event on Sunday, while Canadian teen Justine Dufour-Lapointe secured her first victory of the season in the women's event.
Japanese tech giant Canon has today announced it is to acquire European print company Océ in a move aimed at creating a leader in the global printing industry.
Donald Trump will moderate a Republican presidential primary debate to air on ION Television on Dec. 27.
A goods train from Shantahar derailed at Ishwardi station yesterday morning snapping movement of trains on the metre gauge line linking Dhaka for about nine hours.
Defence minister AK Antony will review India's naval preparedness to tackle the enemy in a major exercise off Vishakhapatnam in the next two days during which he would spend his first night on-board the ageing aircraft career INS Viraat.
``The Indian film market is a huge market and I am
Currently, as implied in recent reports, we remain of the opinion that the residential market remains unrealistically priced, or ``over-valued'', but believe that it is not possible to ascertain by how much.
AEterna Zentaris Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company focused on endocrine therapy and oncology, will announce its second quarter 2008 financial and operating results after market close on Tuesday, August 12, 2008.
Matt Damon appeared on US TV ending rumors on the net that he is dead.
A number of Canadian provinces are turning to online gaming in part to continue their efforts to regulate the online industry of gaming.
An Oak Lawn firefighter is to be honored this month in Springfield for his heroic efforts in rescuing another firefighter trapped in a burning residential building last year in nearby Hometown.
A magnitude 6.6 earthquake shook southern Mexico on Tuesday, according to the US Geological Survey, but there were no immediate reports of damage.
``Nothing will change in tourist sphere of Kyrgyzstan in 2012,'' the chairman of the Tourism Council of Businessmen Union Mikhail Khalitov told a news conference today.
The Texas Rangers today announced that outfielder Nelson Cruz will continue his minor league rehab assignment at Triple-A Round Rock beginning on Friday night.
You know the saying you are what you eat?
Airfix and Scalextric firm Hornby has warned of further price rises as it attempts to mitigate the effects of the weak pound on its business.
Arsenal striker Emmanuel Adebayor articulated what many observers believe when he said Arsenal were at a crossroads after seeing their hopes of reaching the Champions League final ended by Manchester United on Tuesday.
North Korea may launch provocative acts as it carries out its leadership succession plan, and could disrupt a G20 summit in South Korea next month, Seoul's defence minister said today.
A judge today refused to revoke the bail of a sex offender who is appealing his conviction and prison sentence.
Dow Chemical Co slashed its quarterly dividend by 64 percent on Thursday as it struggles with a decline in demand and a dispute over its refusal to close a takeover of rival Rohm and Haas Co.
HUNDREDS of feral pigs have been culled in WA's South-West to try and curb disease and stop the introduced pest from ransacking the local environment.
US Rep. Linda Sanchez announced Thursday that she is pregnant with her first child.
South African-based Aspen Pharmacare has finalised a deal to acquire Australian pharmaceutical business Sigma Pharmaceuticals for around US$900 million.
ITTA BENA, Miss. Ryan Rich recovered a blocked punt in the end zone for a touchdown and Jackson State beat Mississippi Valley State 25-16 on Saturday.
Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi has claimed that her fellow Jersey Shore co-stars are jealous of her.
A man was hurt when he accidentally drove his car over an embankment, police said.
After leading its peers in the global real estate rebound of 2009, Canada's housing market is now cooling faster than any other country's, and a new batch of data shows no end in sight, experts say.
``House of Lies,'' which premieres Sunday, is a new series from Showtime about management consultants.
A Reidsville man was shot and killed on the street outside his home early Thursday, and another man was found shot, police say.
Jazz musician Donald Byrd, a leading trumpeter of the 1950s who collaborated on dozens of albums with leading artists of his time, has died at 80.
Researchers at The University of Texas at Austin have conducted a basic chemistry experiment in what is perhaps the world's smallest test tube, measuring a thousandth the diameter of a human hair.
Like most US citizens, you probably weren't aware that the Paralympics began this past Saturday in Beijing, China.
Targacept Inc. said in a regulatory filing yesterday that it has completed a public offering of 3.8 million shares of its common stock for $7.07 a share.
Jamaica High School is one of 20 NYC schools slated to be closed due to poor performance.
A comprehensive study of old and new manufacturing processes, from machining metal to making carbon nanofibers, shows that the more advanced technologies are less efficient in their use of energy and materials per kilogram of output.
Oscar Pistorius is ``unlikely'' to be invited to feature in the London Anniversary Games this summer, according to UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner.
A one-year-old infant was killed Monday night in a two car crash.
Five doctors have been reported to An Garda Síochána for practising without registration over the past year and a half, but there have been no prosecutions instituted to date in any of the cases.
The Sixers, it seems, have become national media darlings overnight, getting coverage from outlets that rarely paid attention to them in the past.
Dutch parliamentary election results are leading to a hung parliament, as no party could win majority in the 150-member parliament.
Miss Michigan, Kirsten Haglund, a 19-year-old aspiring Broadway star, was crowned Miss America 2008 on Saturday in Las Vegas in a live show billed as the unveiling of the 87-year-old pageant's new, hipper look.
The NBA has filed for trademark rights to six possible nicknames for the league's new Oklahoma City franchise:
``I've got too much to do, I'll never get it all done'' is the lament of our contemporary culture.
With Hakeem Nicks sidelined for three weeks or so with containment syndrome in his lower left leg, the Giants on Tuesday are signing free agent receiver Michael Clayton to a one-year contract for the rest of the season.
``I'm like: A. I don't think I owe anything to the mainstream media,'' Palin told Van Susteren.
A 61-year-old man was run over by train when he was trying to get down from it here at the Kanpur Central railway station on Wednesday.
Iran has said it plans to build an experimental nuclear fusion reactor, therby ignoring calls from the West that Tehran suspend sensitive nuclear work.
``I think I have the best body in Bollywood,'' the 39-year-old said at a book launch event here.
A Russian billionaire dropped a libel case against a British newspaper on Thursday after accepting a public apology over an article he said could lead to suspicions about him being guilty of rape and involved in the death of a journalist.
The Wall Street Journal reported today that one of the first major items the banks are looking at are free checking accounts.
Jamaican sprinter and world and Olympic record holder Usain Bolt said he was feeling ``very good'' at the London Games and that he hopes to ``continue flying''.
A 31-year-old German woman gave birth to identical quadruplets, an event so rare doctors place the odds at 13 million to 1, and experts say their are only about 60 such sets in the entire world.
A Fergus Falls man who called himself a ``soul collector'' has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for attacking his neighbor.
Senate Minority Leader Bill Raggio, R-Reno, today endorsed Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in his difficult re-election bid against Republican Sharron Angle.
The town of Paradise announced at 1 pm today a warming center has been opened in Paradise at the United Methodist Church Fellowship Hall.
The Reserve Bank of India`s fixed reference rate today for USD at Rs 51.04, down 0.95% against its rate on previous working day at Rs 67.48.
The former West Australian Premier Brian Burke has been found guilty of one charge of deliberately giving false testimony to the State's corruption watchdog.
The state of Indiana has approved new regulations for teachers, as it was the first state to fully align with the new ``common core state standards.''
Greenpeace activists from around the world chained themselves to excavators in a logged peatland forest in Indonesia on Thursday to demand more US action to stop deforestation.
A new report finds exercise reduces hunger in lean women, but not in obese women, which may lead to them eating more after a workout.
Athleta plans to open its first Chicago store next year as the women's activewear retailer expands beyond its catalog roots.
Gov. Steve Beshear is skipping a televised debate on Monday with his two challengers, a move sharply criticized by pundits who think the Democratic incumbent should show up to defend his record.
London, Oct 27 Exercise can make cigarettes less tempting to smokers and may help them kick the habit, says a new study.
The AFL has strongly defended its illicit drugs policy in the wake of Mathew Stokes' criminal charges.
Katy Perry worries about whether she can follow up her huge second album 'Teenage Dream' or whether she was just lucky.
Seventh-ranked David Nalbandian beat Russian Igor Andreev in straight sets to give Argentina a 1-0 lead in its Davis Cup semifinal Friday.
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Friday that Pakistan has always stood steadfast and in the forefront to curb the menace against humanity and has forcefully advocated peaceful resolution of conflicts.
A Sioux City man has been sentenced to 42 months in prison on federal weapons charges, including possession of a machine gun.
CALGARY, Aug. 17 /CNW/ - Connacher Oil and Gas Limited announced today that it has posted an updated corporate slide presentation on its website at www.connacheroil.com.
President Lech Kaczynski has met with Israeli President Simon Peres on the second day of his visit to Israel.
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. Ã¢â‚¬â€ The Detroit Red Wings have started their training camp following a longer-than-usual offseason.
Wealth management firm MLC has hired nine licensee relationship managers to support financial planners within its aligned adviser network.
A new law prohibits people from running as an independent if they cast a partisan vote in the primary election.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Monday: down six cents, or 1.33 per cent, at $4.45 Asciano, Australia's largest rail freight and ports operator, has exercised its right to acquire the other 50 per cent of its C3 joint venture in New Zealand for $NZ70 million.
A former state mental hospital psychologist who treated sex offenders has been sentenced to seven years in prison on child pornography charges.
He called for comprehensive immigration reform within his first term in office if elected president.
A bank was entitled to close the accounts of a customer company against which allegations of fraud had been made.
ESPN.com is reporting that injured Miami Heat forward Chris Bosh could play in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals on Tuesday night.
At least six militants were killed during a Pakistani security operation in the northwestern region of the country, officials said Thursday.
Cisco will resell Citrix XenDesktop as part of an integrated desktop virtualisation offering based on the Cisco Unified Computing System.
TONY Abbott's leadership has come under fresh scrutiny after it was revealed he missed the same parliamentary votes for which former leader Malcolm Turnbull was publicly chastised.
China has asked the Dalai Lama to use his ``influence'' to stop violence in Tibet, in a first such statement which said the door for dialogue with him was ``always open'' but stepped up its crackdown in riot-scarred Lhasa, defying global pressure to exercise restraint.
Albaraka Banking Group BSC's units in Egypt and Turkey are planning to sell Islamic bonds and seek a Shariah-compliant syndicated loan, Chief Executive Officer Adnan Ahmed Yousif said.Al Baraka Bank Egypt ESC, the group's Cairo-based arm, expects to raise 1 billion Egyptian pounds from the sale of 10-year Islamic bonds this summer.
Boston right-hander Curt Schilling took a significant step in his effort to return from an injured right shoulder when he threw 25 pitches off a bullpen mound at Fenway Park.
A WOMAN who falsely claimed that she had been assaulted has been fined for wasting police time.
Software giant Microsoft is to acquire Rapt, a US-based provider of advertising yield management solutions for digital media publishers, for an undisclosed amount.
A TEAM of eye specialists at Warwick Hospital have been nominated for a national award following praise from their patients.
Delta Air Lines is dropping Memphis, Tenn., as a hub airport starting this fall.
Festival Centre at Dubai Festival City will host the country's biggest ever retail promotion during the 10-day Mega Deals carnival that begins today.
Public finances suffered their worst six months on record between April and September, official data showed on Tuesday, with government borrowing more than double what it did in the same period last year.
Canada's CGI Group said it had agreed to buy Anglo-Dutch IT services company Logica for £1.7bn in a deal to secure more business with blue-chip clients globally.
Eurostat today released a report saying that Europeans can expect to live 62 healthy life years in the EU 27.
Japan may introduce a carbon tax to curb greenhouse gas emissions amid the increased use of fossil fuels to generate power as nuclear reactors remain shut following the Fukushima disaster, the government said.
Kris Jenner will debut her daytime talk show this summer, Fox announced Monday.
Fresh hopes have emerged that HMV could be saved after investment firm Hilco bought all the debt in the collapsed music chain, giving it a major say in the future of the retailer.
A frightened farmer who shot dead a gang associate when threatened on a remote Eastern Bay of Plenty property was cleared of murder in the High Court at Hamilton late today.
``I entered this partnership with so much excitement to spend a lifetime with my best friend, and it now fills me with deep sadness to see the dissolution of our marriage,'' writes Heidi Newfield in a statement announcing that she has filed for divorce from husband of seven years, Bill Johnson.
A former Liberty Township official faces child molesting charges in a case that authorities said could involve a growing number of alleged victims.
FARM machinery started a grass fire in a paddock in the Mid North of the state this afternoon.
A Saskatoon business has been fined after a worker was burned after a workplace explosion on December 1, 2008.
A 25-year-old Tecumseh man died Sunday in a southeast Nebraska traffic crash.
Through the 4th episode of SBS's ``Scent of a Woman'', to be aired on July 31st, Lee Dong Wook will show off his muscular body through a shower scene.
A motorcyclist has been seriously injured after colliding with a car in northwestern Christchurch today.
Islamabad police have chalked out security plan for Muharram-ul-Haram, Geo News reported.
Police in Hampton are looking for a man who robbed a gas station at gunpoint on Wednesday.
After weeks of speculation, anticipation and a hearty dose of hype, Apple unveiled the next generation iPhone at a special event in San Francisco on Wednesday.
After placing a newspaper advertisement to sell her ``lady-driven car,'' a young Regina woman says she was groped by the stranger who took it for a test drive.
Celtic 2 Villareal 0 AS CELTIC restored pride here last night, their hunger probably intensified.
An in-depth review of party manifestoes, through gender perspective, conducted by Aurat Foundation, shows that most political parties contesting Election 2013 have missed out on some vital women related issues in their party manifestos.
``Ghost Rider'' actress Eva Mendes says she wanted to be a nun since childhood, but gave up her dream after realising that nuns didn't get paid.
AP-FBNTravis Henry-Arrest,0120 Ex-Bronco Henry could be free on bail Thursday Eds:
New Delhi ``I wish I could also have been there, but I can't'' Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir said on Monday while terming the upsurge and protest that took place in the wake of the December 16 gang-rape incident as ``fully justified'' and ``absolutely necessary''.
Hilton says he got into argument with Fergie and will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas at a Toronto nightclub early Monday morning and was punched outside the club by Polo Molina, the band's manager.
THE Sisters of Mercy celebrated 130 years in Ballarat yesterday afternoon with a special mass at St Patrick's Cathedral in front of more than 500 people.
The ``scariest thing I ever saw'' is actually a tie between three movies.
President Barack Obama holds a slight lead over his Republican rival, Mitt Romney, in key swing states that could determine the outcome of the 2012 presidential race, a new opinion poll found.
A family has been assaulted at its Sydney home after complaining about a loud party on its street.
Mobile service operator MTN Nigeria has announced it will add 1,000 base stations and 20 switching centres to its network by the end of 2008 to improve service capacity and quality.
An Erie man remains jailed this morning on charges of assaulting a 14-month-old child in the city on Wednesday night.
AUSTRALIA has launched legal action at the International Court of Justice to stop Japan's whaling programme, Japanese officials said on Tuesday, calling the move 'extremely regrettable'.
Attorney Mark O'Mara, who was a legal expert for WKMG-TV in Orlando during in the Casey Anthony murder trial and the ongoing Trayvon Martin death investigation is now representing George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watchman who shot and killed the teen in Sanford.
A flood watch has been issued for Montgomery County through 7 pm, according to the National Weather Service.
- Rapper Jay-Z plans to bring his 40/40 restaurant and bar franchise to London next year in a deal which will team him up with England and Chelsea soccer player Ashley Cole.
Australian brewer Foster's is mulling a big cash handout to ward off the hostile attentions of Peroni and Grolsch owner SABMiller, it was reported today.
Up to 1,000 Chinese families will host foreign visitors to Beijing this summer as part of an Olympic Homestay program, the municipal tourism bureau said yesterday.
Prominent retailer Eddie Bauer confirmed Wednesday it will close its Saint John call centre in May, leaving more than 170 people out of work.
Dental charges are set to increase in Wales for the first time since 2006, it has been confirmed.
Water Resources Minister, Abdullatief Jamal Rashies said on Sunday that Iraq and Iran agreed in Tehran to establish a high technical committee to solve the water issue between the two countries.
Milk powder prices extended their gains in Fonterra's latest online auction, underlining strong global demand for soft commodities.
A 79-year-old Pierz woman was killed in a collision with a semi this morning in Benton County.
Chelsea and Manchester United held their nerve on Sunday to ensure the Premier League title race will go down to the wire.
Paris Hilton stripped down to just undies and a leather jacket in a raunchy shoot for German Maxim magazine.
TSG expands its adviser network with three new practices joining the boutique dealer group since July 1.
Boaters face new restrictions at Lake Tahoe under regulations that took effect Saturday to deal with the threat of invasive mussels.
Manhattanhomedesign, a leading designer furniture providers has announced the launch of a range of affordable residential furniture in Las Vegas.
Ghostface Killah has revealed that he's looking to release a follow-up to Supreme Clientele, his classic 2000 album.
Serbian Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Ivica Dacic confirmed Thursday that the only barricade on the road towards Raska located close to the administrative line with north Kosovo-Metohija was dismantled on Thursday.
Jason Pominville has been named the new full-time captain of the Buffalo Sabres.
The new Kia Sportage offers style and substance for families, with a new bodyshell, new engines and fresh bold styling that introduces a new kind of dynamic aesthetics.
Canadian figure skater Kurt Browning nearly burned down his house with a leaf blower.
Tori Spelling has admitted her ``heart dropped'' when she heard her husband was in a bike crash.
Russia will begin building new aircraft carriers after 2020, Russian navy chief Viktor Chirkov said on Thursday, in a major boost to Moscow's ability to deploy air power abroad.
The Cubs claimed right-handed pitcher Alex Burnett off waivers from Baltimore on Monday afternoon.
SYDNEY could get its first dedicated film centre after luminaries of the big screen met with Lord Mayor Clover Moore last week.
Drum roll please, the Man Booker Prize shortlist has just been announced.
LogLogic has joined the Cloud Security Alliance to help establish and promote best practices for securing data in the cloud.
A Chase Budinger injury update has come from the Minnesota Timberwolves and it is horrible news for the team.
Paris, July 16 Sabotage in the form of tacks thrown on the road during the day's final climb marred stage 14 of the Tour de France, leaving more than 30 cycles punctured.
Morcombe accused faces trial 'this year' Updated: 15:40, Tuesday May 14, 2013 Queensland's chief justice says he has been reassured the trial of the accused killer of schoolboy Daniel Morcombe is being dealt with promptly.
First black Italian minister seeks cultural change Italy's first black Cabinet minister, targeted by racist slurs following her appointment last week, said Friday that Italians aren't racist but that some are merely ignorant of other cultures and the ``richness'' that immigration can bring.
Pulitzer Prize-winning political cartoonist Paul Conrad has died in California of natural causes at age 86, his son announced.
An elderly man in Springfield, Fla., fought off an armed robber with a frying pan.
Joe Torre is returning to the dugout next year -- to manage the United States at the World Baseball Classic.
Qatari deflation quickened to 3.6 percent in May, the fastest since February, as rent and fuel costs declined, the Gulf state's statistics office said.
Björk will take over the eMusic site for a week from next Monday as part of the promotion for her new Biophilia album.
FORT WORTH, Texas American Eagle, which does regional flying for American Airlines, flew fuller planes in November as traffic jumped 11.7 percent, outstripping an 6.8 percent increase in available seats.
Govt crackdown worsens ahead of vote Updated: 06:52, Friday February 17, 2012 Syria has intensified its crackdown on protesters and arrested a prominent blogger and other activists, ahead of a UN vote on the crisis.
A CHASE involving a suspected stolen car ended in a huge crash in Edgware this morning.
North Korea fired artillery shells into the sea near its tense disputed border with South Korea for a second day on Thursday, ignoring United States appeals to halt the ``provocative'' exercise.
LONDON -British American Tobacco said Wednesday that it sold 1 percent fewer cigarettes in the first nine months of the year compared to a year ago, but revenue rose thanks to favorable currency movements and the acquisition in August 2009 of PT Bentoel in Indonesia.
Actress Farrah Fawcett, who has died of cancer aged 62, was one of the most iconic pin-up girls of the 1970s.
Skip to navigation '' Skip to content '' US Australia/Antarctica Gunmen kill 8 in Mexican border restaurant Buzz Up IM del.icio.us Yahoo! Bookmarks 24 mins ago
Sony Ericsson has said that there's no need to make a sequel to its gaming phone, the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play, stating that the Play's hardware is more than capable of wrassling with powerful new mobiles like the Samsung Galaxy S2.
Justin Bieber got a new tattoo in honor of his grandpa.
Google paid $151 million in cash to acquire popular restaurant review guide Zagat in September, the Internet company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
RENO, Nev. -David Duval, coming off three strong rounds at the British Open, said Thursday he would play next week in the Legends Reno-Tahoe Open with hopes of building some momentum.
NBC has finally set a premiere date for the highly-anticipated next season of Saturday Night Live, which runs concurrently with the 2012 presidential elections.
Food processors such as Kellogg Co. and General Mills Inc. are expected to benefit from cheaper grain prices this year as retail prices continue to rise.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that Dr. Shakil Afridi according to the law in Pakistan had the right to a defence.
India`s biggest software exporter Tata Consultancy Services said on Wednesday that it has signed a multi-year contract with Chrysler to provide a comprehensive portfolio of IT services.
Niko Resources, an energy exploration company with operations in Asia, says Reliance Industries will drill six more exploration wells in D6 block, reports CNBC-TV18, quoting NewsWire18.
JOE STEVENSON says Diego Sanchez has made a big mistake picking him as his first fight in the lightweight division.
On October 11, news came out that Jason and Molly Mesnick are expecting their first child together.
Italian sprint ace Alessandro Petacchi of the Lampre team won the second stage of the Tour of Italy on Sunday ahead of British star Mark Cavendish.
A Palestinian doctor from the Gaza Strip died of swine flu at an Israeli hospital Tuesday, Palestinian health officials said.
ZSL, a leading ISV & Global Software Solutions and Services provider, based out of New Jersey has signed a partnership with Apprenda, to leverage their SaaSGrid SaaS Application Server for developing and delivering cost effective SaaS-based enterprise applications to its customers worldwide.
Islamabad, Sep 19 Pakistan has threatened to block Google as its administrator was not helping the country's premier investigating agency in nabbing people involved in cyber crime.
Long-time Casey Anthony defense attorney Linda Kenney Baden has left the defense team citing financial limitations in continuing to represent her.
Newcastle have signed Argentina defender Fabricio Coloccini from Deportivo La Coruna for an undisclosed fee.
Nebraska senior defensive tackle Jared Crick will sit out of practices during the bye week, but is expected back at some point next week.
A FLINT pet shop is holding an adoption weekend to help rehome animals abandoned in Flintshire.
Real Madrid have confirmed that striker Gonzalo Higuain will miss the midweek Champions League clash with Ajax because of a back pain.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shares tumbled Monday as word circulated about proposed accounting-rule changes that could force them to raise billions of dollars.
Jennifer Aniston has been granted a three-year restraining order against a potentially dangerous stalker.
One of the more interesting stories doing the rounds this week suggests that Amy Winehouse and Pete Doherty will duet at this upcoming Royal Albert Hall show.
Ecuador officially set diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia, Ecuadorian Foreign Ministry said in a communique on Thursday.
``It was horrible. I thought we were going to die because hundreds of cars were coming right at us on the interstate,'' says 22-year-old Shawanda Bazemore, who couldn't stop crying during an interview Monday with FOX 4's Robert Townsend.
Sydney, Jan 5 Australia will go flat out for a win in the second cricket Test tomorrow, according to centurion Matthew Hayden who reckons that the Indian batsmen would find the going tough in the last innings on a ``difficult'' SCG track.
The Philippine government denies that it is deliberately slowing down the peace process with Muslim rebels, and says the pullout of Malaysian truce monitors from the south of the country will not likely lead to new fighting.
Chris Klein has served four days in jail and completed two months in rehab, People reports.
Yusuf Islam, the British musician formerly known as Cat Stevens, is calling for the release of Elkins Park native Josh Fattal and his friend Shane Bauer.
MOSCOW Michelle Obama brings her superstar glamor to Moscow this weekend as she accompanies her husband on his summit with the Russian president.
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Club Car agreed to recall about 950 vehicles due to a fire hazard.
Four mortars exploded on Saturday near a polling station in central Iraq's Tikrit, home of executed Sunni dictator Saddam Hussein, police said.
With the slowdown casting a shadow on its operations, Jet Airways, India's second-largest airline by market share, has frozen fleet expansion for now and put off aircraft deliveries for two years, company executives said.
A Pentagon inquiry into a controversial Rolling Stone magazine profile of General Stanley McChrystal that led to his dismissal as the top US commander in Afghanistan has cleared him of wrongdoing.
Their studies showed a mouse's ovarian cells are stiffer and more viscous when they are benign.
Former Dutch football international Frans de Munck has died in Arnhem aged 88.
The 2013 NBA All-Star Game uniforms were unveiled earlier this morning courtesy a press release on adidas.com.
Barrick Gold Corp reported record fourth-quarter profit and said it would spin off its African mines into a separate company to raise funds for future development.
Pakistan start as hot favourites to secure a semi-final berth on the strength of their awesome bowling attack, but the West Indies have the potential to pull off an upset if the likes of Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard have a field day.
Sir Paul McCartney once had pennies thrown at him by a group of ``unruly youths''.
European researchers said Thursday they have created a device invisible to a static magnetic field that could have practical military and medical applications.
The National Weather Service in Pendleton says a flood warning has been issued for the Imnaha River at Imnaha - affecting Wallowa County.
``The Dictator'' star Sacha Baron Cohen has been honoured with an outstanding achievement gong at the British Comedy Awards here.
Tele2 has exclusively launched the Samsung Galaxy, also known as the I7500, in Croatia for HRK 1895.
The Angolan minister of Transports, Augusto da Silva Tomás, Wednesday, in Luanda, said that actual scientific studies show a reduction of sea species in the region of Golf of Guinea, a situation already being faced in Angola by lack of fish types.
Two Canadian soldiers were killed Sunday when their light armoured vehicle rolled over about 40 kilometres southwest of Kandahar City.
The event was arranged to join hands with over 30,000 museums across the world celebrating International Museum Day, which was observed on May 18.Dr Abdul Samad, chairman Department of Archaeology, Hazara University, Prof Dr Sakhawat Shah, Dean Faculty of Arts and Prof Dr Syed Anwar were present on the occasion.
Police identified the man found shot to death in a car on the Near Eastside early Thursday.
France will help Romania build a new nuclear reactor, French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday while meeting with his Romanian counterpart Traian Basescu.
After going the first half without a touchdown, they went ahead 13-10 in the third quarter on Donovan McNabb's 11-yard touchdown pass to Brent Celek, but the offense sputtered from there.
A loose wire inside a mobile phone prevented a car bomb packed with nails from exploding outside a busy London nightclub, a court heard yesterday.
A Hera target missile firing from the old depot at Fort Wingate to White Sands Missile Range is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday morning, which would prompt some safety roadblocks and evacuations in the Fort Wingate area.
The St. Louis Cardinals announced today that they have activated outfielder/infielder Skip Schumaker from the 15-day disabled list and plan to have him in uniform for the team's series opener in Detroit tonight.
The employees of Finance Ministry of Azerbaijan were on a visit to Estonia for researches, related to implementation of twinning project within the Action Plan of EU European Neighbourhood Policy for Azerbaijan.
Arran Brewery has put its expansion plans on hold after failing to secure a Scottish government grant.
Emma explains why the south coast of Wales is the perfect place to relax and unwind on a spa break.
MTN Zambia has launched a community pay phone initiative, a new product on the market aimed at empowering vulnerable members of the community who still cannot afford a mobile phone.
BBC and Discovery have extended their long term co-production partnership in the US.
HURON, SD Two men pleaded not guilty Tuesday to murder charges for separate homicides in Huron.
Pakistan will review blasphemy laws to prevent them from targeting innocent people, a government official said.
The presidential committee on the Jos crisis has denied media reports that the it had recommended the creation of more local governments in the Plateau State capital.
He is the veteran 'Showman' of Bollywood but Subhash Ghai is taking a sabbatical from showbiz and will make his return to direction post the break.Ghai said that he will be on a extended holiday for a year and hopes to recharge himself for a fresh beginning.
The Azerbaijani embassy in France has passed a protest note to the French Foreign Ministry for visiting Nagorno-Karabakh, a territory occupied by Armenia, Trend cites press-secretary of the Azerbaijani Foreign Ministry Elman Abdullayev as saying.
A powerful 6.8-magnitude earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands in the western Pacific on Sunday, the US Geological Survey said, but there was no tsunami alert or reports of damage.
Angelina Jolie has admitted that she feels more vulnerable than ever now that her directorial debut is about to hit the cinemas.
Fisher & Paykel, Dyson, Nokia and Sony are the most trusted brands in their categories, according to research conducted by McCrindle Research set to be published by Reader's Digest.
Facebook, the world's largest social network on the internet, is finally turning a profit, the privately held company said.
A 26-year-old gang member pleaded guilty today to murder and was sentenced to 47 years in prison in the slaying of a West Side store owner.
India today said the IMF and World Bank failed to recognise the real need to regulate big economies which led to the global financial meltdown.
Gabrielle Giffords paid an emotional visit this afternoon to Newtown, Connecticut, as the former Congressman tragically has something in common with this scarred area.
Halifax house price index showed that UK house prices rose for the second consecutive month in August, reading 0.2% from the prior 0.7 percent increase a month earlier.
The major averages have bounced back and forth across the unchanged line, unable to sustain any significant moves.
Egyptian police shot dead a Sudanese man as he tried to sneak across the border to Israel on Wednesday, bringing to 19 the number of migrants killed at the frontier this year, medical and security sources said.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger today proclaimed a state of emergency in Imperial County due to a 7.2 magnitude earthquake, centered in Baja California, Mexico, which occurred yesterday, impacting the Southern California region by disrupting telephone communications, buckling roads, breaking water mains and damaging critical water storage facilities.
``It is high time that China starts focusing more on soft assets such as education and research at colleges and universities,'' said Roger Dassen, global managing director, clients, services and talent, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd. ``China has proven to be very good at providing hard assets such as airports, highways and many industrial zones.
A 46-year-old Sulphur Springs woman pleaded guilty Tuesday in a Tyler federal court to lying on her income tax return, misstating her income by more than $130,000.
Auto, oil & gas and sugar sectors will be getting astrological support, says Satish Gupta of http://astrostocktips.in.
A new centre for tackling illegal UK immigration has opened in Calais, with the French and British governments to share intelligence and equipment.
Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy said that the short-term demand outlook for cement continues to remain weak.
In spite of the special election to replace Sen. Roland Burris early, Senator-elect Mark Kirk must wait until after Thanksgiving to be sworn in as Burris' replacement as US Senator from Illinois.
German scientists are warning of a pig pandemic after tests suggested the swine flu can pass from humans to hogs and then infect a whole herd.
Australian opener Shane Watson has again fallen agonisingly short of a maiden Test century, falling to firey West Indian quick Kemar Roach for 89 in the first innings of the Third Test at the WACA ground in Perth.
By The Associated Press A family of bald eagles has been found nesting on Cook County forest preserve property located south of Chicago.
Kim Duthie's father, Tony, said in his opinion, Nixon might deserve to be jailed over his dealings with his daughter, Kim.
One winning Powerball ticket worth $200,000 from the March 12 drawing was sold at Sunoco, 3505 Library Road, Castle Shannon, Allegheny County.
``Nick Montana will make his first career start this Saturday,'' said head coach Steve Sarkisian in an online announcement Thursday afternoon.
The ``People Helping People'' Golf Tournament will celebrate 20 years on the links in support of United Way of Denton County and its mission to advance the common good in our community.
Spain midfielder Javi Martinez hurt an ankle in training and may be unavailable for the European champions' quarter-final against Paraguay on Saturday.
Japan needs nuclear power as its main energy source and the country shouldn't follow European examples in banning new reactors, said Shosuke Mori, chairman of Kansai Electric Power Co., the nation's second-biggest power producer.
China announced on Wednesday that two Islamic ``terrorists'' would be executed for a deadly attack on police that was staged four days before the Beijing Olympics and intended to sabotage the Games.
Shruti Hassan, daughter of superstar Kamal Hassan, is finally making her debut in Bollywood.
60 MINUTES, featuring the first interview with President-elect Barack Obama, delivered its largest audience since at least January 1999, leading CBS to a Sunday night win in viewers, according to preliminary Nielsen ratings for Nov. 16.
Boeing (NYSE: BA) today announced that it has delivered the 500th Combat Track II kit, an airborne intelligence system for US Air Force cargo and bomber aircraft that enhances situational awareness, increases aircrew survivability and improves airframe effectiveness.
In a new episode of the family's reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians, she said: ``You're a loser, Rob.
Federal Minister for Law & Justice Babar Awan on Friday said that the Generals who imposed martial law in the country were either in grave or in England and there was no other in Pakistan to impose martial law.
British hip-hop act Speech Debelle upset the odds to win the Mercury Prize on Tuesday, one of Britain's most prestigious annual music awards.
Rana Daggubati did not take the help of a body-double and did his own stunts in the upcoming Tamil-Telugu bilingual film 'Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum'featuring Nayantara.
AN egg was thrown at and narrowly missed Julia Gillard as she entered the ABC studios in Perth this morning.
The stock market ended a three-day losing streak Monday, closing broadly higher as a weaker dollar and upbeat home sales numbers encouraged investors to take on more risk.
The official rate of the Belarusian ruble for 18 April 2011 has strengthened against a basket of foreign currencies, as well as the euro and the Russian ruble.
A woman was shot by a Newport News police officer Saturday morning when she refused to listen to orders during a domestic dispute.
On the night of September 12, 2011, the Republican Party began to lose the 2012 election.
The weekly Triple-A Texas gas price survey dated today shows regular self-serve is averaging $3.16 per gallon across the state, 6 cents more than last week.
A FORMER Chamber president yesterday questioned whether the Government could ``make the hard decisions'' necessary to achieve its key objective of bringing the debt-to-GDP ratio down to 40 per cent in the medium term, and warned it was ``in danger of killing the goose that laid the golden egg'' through the sharp tax increases on the hotel and auto industry.
A non-toxic, botanical formula controls aggressive human prostate tumors in mice, according to a peer-reviewed study in the The International Journal of Oncology.
Taiwan share prices closed down 0.80 percent yesterday, with heavy selling pressure on construction shares due to the government's possible loan tightening moves.
The Canadian dollar opened at 81.16 cents US this morning, down 0.02 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
A Grapeland city councilman was arrested by a Texas Attorney General Cyber Crimes Unit for the third time last week on charges of sexual crimes against children, according to a Texas Attorney General press release.
Proud lock associates, a leading access statement and consultancy service provider now introduces disability training and awareness services for a harmonic and pleasant work environment.
Hong Kong stocks end 1.41% higher Updated: 19:58, Friday March 8, 2013 Hong Kong shares closed 1.41 per cent higher following another record finish for the Dow on Wall Street and after China released data showing exports had surged more than expected in February.
Richard N Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations and an erstwhile senior administration official, has predicted that domestic politics and factionalism will hold back India from becoming a major player in the global arena.
A large crowd of people gathered outside a crematorium in north London Tuesday where singer Amy Winehouse was being cremated following her funeral earlier in the day.
AMRI announced today that it has entered into a development and long term exclusive commercial supply agreement with Parnell Manufacturing Pty Ltd , an Australian company specializing in the research, development and manufacture of veterinary products.
US home sales slip as supply remains tight Sales of previously occupied US homes dipped in March as the supply remained tight.
Authorities Thursday identified a fisherman who drowned after his longtime friend watched helplessly as waves swept him from an East Beach jetty.
RTS, Russia's second largest stock exchange, has posted 1Q 2011 net income of 267 million rouble under IFRS.
Not long ago, Canadian import Sunny Leone made her Bollywood debut in Pooja Bhatt's sensuous 'Jism 2,' which took India by a storm and now, her porn star turned business partner husband is set to step into his sexy wife's footsteps.
Conservationists criticise Murray plan Updated: 18:32, Tuesday April 24, 2012 Conservationists say more modelling is needed before a plan for the Murray-Darling Basin is delivered to federal parliament.
So while Scarlett Johansson was busy extracting Sean Penn's wrinkled wiener from her hoo-ha, rumors are suggesting that Ryan Reynolds and Charlize Theron have been secretly banging for months now.
Juventus are 'not interested' in Liverpool striker Luis Suarez as he looks to extend his stay at Anfield, ending speculation surrounding the Uruguayan's future.
It has been reported that Kenya and Tanzania have launched a $164 million road project expected to boost trade, tourism and agriculture in the region.
Alyson Hannigan and her husband Alexis Denisof took little daughter Satyana out on Boxing Day so she could ride her new bike for the first time.
The Kittitas County sheriff's office says bones found Monday near an Ellensburg canal are not human.
- A federal judge dismissed a sex abuse lawsuit against the Holy See on grounds that the Vatican was not an employer of the accused ex-priest and cannot be held financially liable for the abuse.
Cuomo to propose state settle NYC teacher eval impasse Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is ready to carry out his pledge to have the state Education Department settle the costly impasse over New York City teacher evaluations if the city and union can't come to terms on their own.
The Fresh Air Fund is seeking volunteers to host inner-city children in Westport this summer.
Terrorist groups are trying to recruit Israeli citizens as agents using social networking sites such as Facebook, Israel's Shin Bet has warned.
Former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson has claimed he got a prison officer pregnant when he was in jail.
Employers should be 'lenient' if striking workers did not return to work immediately, the National Union of Metalworkers SA said on Monday.
Riot police arresting suspects in Tahrir Square, Cairo, 15 September 2012, after suspending of clashes at US embassy between security forces and dozens of protesters.
MBMG, the Cambridgeshire fresh produce supplier, has gone into administration.
The Unite union has said it will take legal action to force BA to re-instate travel perks for workers who went out on strike earlier this year.
Four UN nuclear inspectors arrived in Iran early Sunday to inspect the country's second uranium enrichment facility.
Mayor Don Williamson, 73, was taken to the hospital at about 4 pm today because he was having breathing problems, mayoral aide Joe Conroy said.
A 19-year-old woman has been charged with prostitution, after a police sting in Rochester.
A WOMAN was critically ill in hospital today after being pulled from the sea in a dramatic rescue at Redcar.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is to move his private fortune out of US private equity firm Quadrangle Group.
Indonesia on Tuesday repatriated seven Malaysian fishermen who were arrested by Indonesian patrol officers for alleged poaching in the Riau Islands waters last Friday, an official said.
BYU hockey battled the UNLV Rebels over the weekend, losing Friday night 6-5 and recording a draw Saturday night 5-5.
This year an Armenian movie will be nominated for prestigious Academy Award.
THERE is still time to have your say on the future of the local fire and rescue service.
New Orleans Hornets rookie Anthony Davis appears to be ready for the regular season to begin Wednesday night against the San Antonio Spurs.
A GREAT Harwood man looking for his missing dog was shot in the back as he ran away from a man carrying an air rifle.
He also remembered the words of his old boss, Dwight Eisenhower, who would say while planning the war with Piney by his side in the middle of the night, ``all heroes are dead!''
Manchin also spoke by telephone with Byrd, who is recuperating from an illness at his home near Washington, the release said.
Japanese Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba announces that Japan and North Korea will hold inter-governmental talks in China later this month, in the first face-to-face meeting between the sides in four years, at his office in Tokyo on August 14, 2012.
Microsoft, in an attempt to lure Symbian developers, has released the Windows Phone tools for Symbian developers.
MINISTER FOR EDUCATION Ruairi Quinn has ``started the process'' of addressing school costs -- including voluntary fees, some of which run up to â‚¬500.
Medicinal herbs like tulsi, which is commonly found in people's homes, can help boost immunity and help fight swine flu, say traditional Ayurveda doctors.
People are returning to their homes in Tarcutta, but emergency services are warning them to remain on alert.
Kingston rowing club has unveiled a new landing stage that has secured the future of its Canbury boathouse base.
The MDC-T believes security sector reform is an urgent matter that needs the forthcoming Sadc summit intervention, party organising secretary Nelson Chamisa has said.
Harvard Business School Dean Nitin Nohria stressed the importance of global leadership skills at an event last night co-sponsored by Conversations with Kirkland and the Leadership Institute at Harvard College.
Many Germans were upset when Paul correctly predicted Spain would beat Germany in the semi-final, but he has redeemed himself a little perhaps by correctly predicting Germany's win over Uruguay for 3rd and 4th place.
Girls Aloud announced their split on Wednesday night after their final tour date and although rumours have emerged this morning suggesting that the band may be preparing for motherhood, we can't help but feel like their may be some kind of solo battle between the five piece, but who is going to make the biggest impression going it alone?
Thiruvananthapuram , Jan 5 The CPI-M should take initiative to consolidate Left unity in India to build a&apospeople&aposs alternative&aposto the Congress and BJP at the national level, AIFB secretary and West Bengal agriculture minister Naren Dey said here today.
Police say that an Ahwatukee Foothills man, upset with his roommate, fired 28 shots from a high-powered rifle early in the morning of March 7.
Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia commented that inflation is not serious problem now and emphasis must be on high growth track of 9%.
A Umatilla man was shot sometime before 5 this morning near Hermiston, and the Umatilla County Sheriff's Department is on the case.
A former volunteer football coach at Stone Memorial High School in Crossville pleaded guilty Monday for selling steroids to a player.
Amazon.com Inc. may miss fourth- quarter sales estimates, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. predicted, citing slower-than-expected e-commerce growth over the holidays.
Pakistani security forces have killed at least 12 suspected tribal 'insurgents' in the restive southwestern province of Baluchistan.
Chinese growth slowed to 9.1% during the third quarter according to the latest GDP figures from the National Bureau of Statistics.
Xerox Corp cut its fourth-quarter profit target as it restructures in the face of economic weakness, but raised its dividend, which boosted its shares by nearly 3 percent.
With the news breaking Thursday about Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck deciding to stay in school for his junior year, an interesting question arises: where do the Panthers go from here?
Although he is one of the biggest teen heartthrobs in America, Zac Efron has apparently revealed he wanted to be like Leonardo DiCaprio when he was growing up.
Taipei, March 1 Taiwan share prices closed up 1.49 percent Tuesday, led by high-tech stocks amid market optimism, dealers said.
A magnitude-7.1 earthquake shook southern Chile on Sunday, prompting tens of thousands to flee the coast for higher ground amid fears it could generate a tsunami like the one that ravaged the area last year.
I've heard some people argue that there is no concept of a state in Islam but of a society.
A Haitian attorney says 10 Americans detained in Haiti for trying to take 33 children out of the country after the Jan. 12 earthquake have been charged with child kidnapping.
Police captured one of the city's most wanted fugitives Wednesday, arresting a man who they said kidnapped and shot a woman last June.
Crude futures topped $112 a barrel for the first time in 2½ years, as a weaker dollar provided the latest spark in oil's unrelenting rise.
Aerial work platform manufacturer Skyjack announced it is joining the SmartEquip network to provide electronic parts and service support, procurement, safety, training and warranty support.
Detroit rock 'n' roll icons Bob Seger and Kid Rock will share a bill for the first time ever at a Florida festival in November.
Tezpur, Apr 3 The Indo-Tibetan Border Police today said it was successfully manning the Indo-China border and carrying out several development activities for the locals.
Soulful singer Robin Thicke was arrested in New York City today on a charge of criminal possession of marijuana.
By Saranya ( December 13, 2012 ) Anurag Kashyap has made several successful films in the past, and now wants to work with Amitabh Bachchan.
The New York Times said Monday it was expanding its digital news offerings to third-party platforms as part of a push for more online subscribers.
After Aaron Ramsey and Anton Ferdinand were booed at the weekend, Matt Stanger says there is no moral high ground in football, only a platform from which we stave off the morons...
The South London Press is reporting that the Charlton takeover will finally be complete next week.
US laser-based solution provider Coherent Inc has paid USD52m to buy Lumera Laser GmbH, a German manufacturer of lasers for micro-processing, the buyer said.
Bharatiya Janata Party President Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said India was driving the world economic recovery from the recent recession and helping redefine a new world order.
The residents of Panbazar area have decried the 'lack of a scientific plan' for extension of Panbazar over bridge and construction of multilevel car parking adjacent to the overbridge which is creating traffic problem and sewerage malfunctioning in the area.
Ergotron introduced all new powered and non-powered point-of-care computing carts, StyleView 31 and StyleView 32, to the global Healthcare IT community at the Healthcare Information Management and System Society in Orlando, FL.
Four recent East Ridge High School students plead not guilty to burglary charges after a senior prank gone wrong.
A couple aged 93 and 80 were threatened with a hammer in their own Northamptonshire home by three men.
STOCKTON, Calif. A Stockton police chase ended in a crash Tuesday night after someone in the suspect vehicle fired several shots at police officers.
The US Forest Service is waiving fees at most of its campgrounds over Veterans Day weekend.
Colombia stocks rose slightly Thursday as a further recovery in shares of Bancolombia helped to offset losses in oil shares as prices for crude oil fell.
In a meeting yesterday with Intel excutives I learned that Pineview, Intel's Atom CPU intgrated with a graphics processor and memory manger, is not delayed as has been reported elsewhere.
UK inflation fell to its lowest level in more than two years last month, providing some welcome relief to household budgets, official figures have shown.
THE Zimbabwe Under-19 cricket team got a morale boost ahead of the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in Australia later this month when they received a kit sponsorship from a local transport company Sabot yesterday.
Liverpool won a second straight Premier League game for the first time in more than two months Sunday when it beat Bolton 3-1.
season, NBA players merged their two antitrust lawsuits against the league by moving both cases to Minnesota.
Without the Higgs there would be no mass. And without mass, there would be no stars, no planets and no atoms.
What do you do when a dead animal washes up on the shore right in your back yard.
WSJ are reporting that the HTC Supersonic phone might officially be announced next week on March 24 at a keynote speech by Dan Hesse.
A jury has found two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves not guilty of tax evasion, but remained hung on a count of conspiracy.
Ferndale teachers voted Tuesday to strike, postponing the start of classes that had been scheduled for Wednesday.
Former UVA lacrosse star George Huguely allegedly emailed his ex-girlfriend Yeardley Love with the message ``I should have killed you'' shortly before she died of blunt force trauma to the head, prosecutors say.
A 49-year-old Boca Raton man was arrested and charged with killing his ex-girlfriend, police said on Wednesday.
Top industrialist Ratan Tata was on Friday conferred a honorary doctorate in science for his extraordinary contribution to the growth of Indian industry and supporting the cause of Science and Technology.
2008-03-27 21:21:57 - BarterQuest, a trading site for individual consumers, has announced international patents related to its proprietary trading and matching systems.
US-based billionaire investor George Soros has bought a $100 million stake in films-to-mobile Indian media company Reliance Entertainment owned by tycoon Anil Ambani, an official said Friday.
Tens of thousands of Egyptians have returned to Tahrir Square to protest against the military junta, in one of the biggest protests seen in the country since the toppling of Hosni Mubarak.
A pedestrian who was killed Christmas Eve after being struck by a motorcycle in the Miramar area has been identified as Leonardo Ramirez Palado, 79, the county Medical Examiner's Office said.
US company Lockheed Martin has upgraded its tactical network planner system to enhance command and control communications for deployed military forces.
DAVIE, Fla. -Officials say Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tony McDaniel is out of jail after being arrested and accused of domestic violence.
General Compression, Inc., a Massachusetts company developing an innovative compressed air energy storage system, today announced it has signed an agreement with ConocoPhillips of Houston, Texas, to develop compressed air energy storage projects, beginning with a pilot project in Texas, using General Compression's Advanced Energy Storage
AUSTRALIAN shares were higher at noon, boosted by a positive lead from US markets and better-than-expected jobs figures.
A master hypnotist is coming to Wilmington hoping to convince you to donate money for a good cause.
Prosecutors on Friday dropped a murder charge against an 18-year-old Bradenton man accused of killing a man during a botched drug deal last year.
Now it would seem he's their premier halfback, having finally shed his unwanted supersub tag.
US Commerce Secretary John Bryson resigned from the key post today, days after being involved in two car accidents that occurred after he suffered a seizure.
A Coal Grove man pleaded guilty Wednesday to the rape of a 10-year-old boy and was sentenced to seven years in prison by Lawrence County Common Pleas Judge Charles ``Chuck'' Cooper.
Iran will pursue its nuclear path, the country's highest authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said today, speaking just before a deadline set by world powers in a nuclear dispute.
Wall Street giant Citigroup said it is on track to return to sustained profitability as it announced it made $4.4bn in the first quarter.
Russia on Tuesday ordered an end to military operations in Georgia and agreed to a peace plan after negotiations with France's president in Moscow, but there were conflicting reports about whether fighting had stopped.
Beetroot juice could energise the elderly to lead more active lives, says a new study.
Luka Modric is not good enough to play for Real Madrid and the Spanish champions should sign David Silva instead, according to Bernabeu cult hero Guti.
( ``aws'': ``news/national'', ``aws_id'': ``news_national'', ``js_modules'': ((``name'': ``video'')), ``seotitletag'': ``Winds expected to be an issue Thursday in Ariz. fire'', ``ssts'': ``news/nation'', ``contenttype'':``videopage'', ``excludeTransitionAd'':true, ``noinitialanalytics'':true, ``topic'':``news,news_nation'', ``templatename'': ``videos/asset'' )
Gold and other metals are recovering a day after taking a plunge on news that the Federal Reserve was contemplating an end to its bond-buying program.
Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan has defended Alan Smith after the striker was booed by the club's fans in a pre-season friendly.
India today announced it will provide a 500 million-dollar line of credit to Myanmar as the two countries signed agreements on a range of sectors, including air services, beginning a ``new journey'' of bilateral cooperation.
A virus known to cause leukemia and tumors in animals can be found in some prostate tumors and might be one cause of prostate cancer, US researchers reported on Monday.
Pima County supervisors voted in favor Tuesday of creating a sports authority that's not only aimed at keeping and expanding spring training, but also creating more youth and amateur athletic events.
Sen. Arlen Specter today asked Vice President Biden for federal stimulus funds to repair Amtrak bridges in the Philadelphia region.
One person was airlifted to hospital via Stars Air Ambulance late Wednesday afternoon after a crash involving a school bus.
Sebastian Vettel will hope that history repeats itself after securing his second successive Japanese Grand Prix victory at Suzuka.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati has announced that she will return land to railways for coach factory in Rae Bareli.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel are set to marry in their favourite place near Naples.
With rain measuring as much as seven to eight inches in some locations, Gov. Easley is urging caution as some flooding continues from Hanna.
Russia must prepare for a possible energy revolution which could significantly reduce global demand for oil and gas, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday.
The world's oceans are becoming noisier thanks to pollution, with potentially harmful effects for whales, dolphins and othermarine life, US scientists said in a study published Sunday.
Sudanese security forces arrested Islamist opposition leader Hassan al-Turabi at his home, a month after Africa's largest country held its first open elections in 24 years, party officials said on Saturday.
A CALLOUS cowboy builder who conned elderly and vulnerable people out of a total of more than £400,000 has been jailed for almost ten years.
A Campbell County man has been killed when a tree fell onto his pickup truck as he drove on a county road.
President Kurmanbek Bakiyev of Kyrgyzstan will pay a visit to Moscow in early February, the presidential press service reported.
Eurobank sells its stake in its Turkey unit REUTERS photo
Joe Jonas has broken up with singer, Taylor Swift, and the split wasn't mutual, US Weekly reports.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is living a ``haunted life'' fearing arrest and has been on the run following the release of nearly 4 lakh secret US military documents related to Iraq war on his whistle-blowing website.
Scarlett Johansson ``always'' feels ``unsure'' of herself when she takes on a new role because she believes actors get ``lazy'' if they already know how they are going to portray a character.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump says he's thinking about running for president, saying ``everybody's ripping off the United States''.
FIREFIGHTERS have been battling 350 blazes in Victoria since the mercury began rising across the state on Thursday.
As of today, Friday 2 May, the investment bank Merrill Lynch starts trading on Oslo Axess.
A BROMSGROVE fish and chip shop has been successfully prosecuted after selling catfish advertised as cod.
Select Comfort Corp.'s share price has entered into oversold territory with a stochastic value of 18.0317.
US columnist, Ann Coulter has told an audience of gay Republicans, meeting at the home of PayPal founder Peter Thiel, that gay marriage isn't a civil right.
Fortunoff, the Westbury-based department store chain that was bought out of bankruptcy last month by retail conglomerate NRDC Equity Partners, has laid off about 190 workers, an NRDC spokeswoman confirmed Monday.
Barack Obama, one of the youngest presidents ever to take the oath of office when he's inaugurated Jan. 20, will be working with the nation's oldest Congress.
A POPULAR flower festival, which supports Cyprus charities, returns to Paphos in May for the eighth consecutive year.
Huntersville could officially enter the national health care debate on April 5 when commissioner Charles Jeter introduces resolutions against the federal health care bill passed by Democratic majorities in congress and expected to be signed into law by President Barack Obama.
Seven-time defending champions Lyon stayed four points clear of chasers Marseille with a slender 1-0 win at Monaco on Saturday night, CNN reported.
Junior miners are having to get creative to raise cash in the current economic crisis, and are looking to the Middle East and China for help.
This NBA betting preview of the San Antonio vs. New Orleans Wednesday night game is brought to you by SBG Global where the line opened at Hornets - 2.5 , Total 185.5
Prince Philip, husband of Queen Elizabeth of Britain, was resting quietly in a Scottish hospital Friday with no visitors allowed, the queen's staff said.
Kristen Bell is ``nervous'' about being in love because she is such a ``control freak''.
Controversial American rapper Snoop Dogg is the latest international celebrity to join the Slumdog Millionaire bandwagon.
Rihanna has been warned by her doctors to cut back on booze, blunts and hard partying while she's on tour or she could suffer another debilitating illness.
Apple plans greater investment in China as its chief executive officer Tim Cook visited the country.
The markets ended flat amid choppy trade on November settlement day.
Young Tottenham Hotspur winger Andros Townsend has been recalled from his latest loan spell, at league one side MK Dons.
Lennar will introduce its newest neighborhood, Mandolin at Mountain's Edge, in southwestern Las Vegas this weekend with prices beginning from the low $100,000s.
The FDA issues draft guidance on its 517A appeals process for medical device review decisions.
The Suffolk County Independence Party announced its support for Congressman Tim Bishop.
The UN atomic agency has approved a nuclear fuel bank that nations can draw on for their atomic programs in emergencies.
The stock market is expected to take a short breather following a sharp run-up last week that saw the main index posting record highs due to heavy trading in shares of Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. and Philex Mining Corp.
During the Great Depression Franklin Delano Roosevelt famously stated, ``The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.''
In a startling match Washington has beaten Stanford by 84-83.
When a nun got stuck in an elevator for four days she survived on a diet of celery sticks, water and prayer.
Dallas City Hall plans to implement an electronic campaign finance filing system for political candidates, shedding its status as one of the nation's few remaining major cities still collecting such information using ink and paper.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with manslaughter over a fatal house fire in Sydney's northwest.
Labrinth, the singer and producer who featured on Tinie Tempah's smash hit ``Pass Out'' as well as reaching number 3 in the UK singles chart with his own single has revealed that he is working with American rockers Kings Of Leon.
Saudi Arabia has provided assistance and soft loans over the past 30 years to 95 developing countries, a minister said.
AP Breaking News Video A winter weather advisory remains in effect for the Lakeshore counties of Ottawa, Muskegon, Mason, Lake, Oceana, Newaygo and Allegan until 1 pm today.
Sarah Palin is lashing out at the portrayal of a character with Down syndrome on the Fox animated comedy``Family Guy.''
A standoff lasting several hours in Southington ended peacefully with the arrest of a man accused of threatening to kill his parents.
Fort Wayne-based scrap-metal processor OmniSource Corp. has cut 209 jobs, including 135 at its hometown operations.
North Dakota's Senate has approved a measure that funds military caskets for needy veterans.
US presidential candidate Barack Obama is urging Europeans and Americans to work together to defeat terror and the extremism that supports it.
Mexico has announced what it calls a return to ``normalcy.''
London Olympic chiefs defended the salaries of its top executives on Thursday after it emerged some were earning up to 100,000 pounds more than first thought.
German and British investors reaffirmed their growing interest in the Angolan market, as well as the availability to contribute to the diversification of this African country's economy.
Ferrous scrap prices are expected to stabilise at ``significantly lower levels'' than the peaks of nearly $700 per tonne fob for shredded material seen this year, market participants said on Wednesday.
A solar flare disrupted shortwave radio transmissions for half an hour in South Korea, the country's National Radio Research Agency says.
Feb. 7, 2008 10:39 AM Cher is coming out of retirement to play a series of Las Vegas shows.
A store clerk is recovering from multiple gunshot wounds after a shootout with an armed robber.
National Forensic Loan Audit Experts, real estate loan audit / finance experts, featured in The Wall Street Journal as one of America's PremierExperts™, in recognition of being leading experts in the mortgage violation audit industry.
Korean doctors based in Swaziland and South Africa on Sunday conducted free medical service sessions at Kholwane in KaPhunga.
Tourism Overview Figures from the Slovenian Tourist Board showed that 1.77mn foreign tourists visited Slovenia over the course of 2008.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai fully supports the US strategy in Afghanistan, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday, a day after Nato leaders agreed a landmark withdrawal plan.
iiNet has bolstered its position as one of Australia's major telecommunications providers, agreeing to buy the AAPT consumer division from Telecom Corporation of New Zealand for $60 million.
A Yemeni security court on Monday convicted 13 Shiite rebels of plotting terrorist attacks, sentencing one of them to death, a judicial official said.
An insider told X17 Online: ``Lindsay really wanted to go home to Los Angeles for the holiday. She wants to be back in her own space and feel like she's free again even if she's knows it's just temporary until after the beginning of the year.''
Toyota recalled nearly 1.7 million cars worldwide on Wednesday for fuel leaks, the latest in a ballooning number of quality problems that could add another dent to its tarnished reputation in the crucial US market.
Tyson Foods Inc. of Springdale said Thursday it will offer 20 million shares of Class A stock in a public offering.
Former Serie A power Juventus fell to Palermo, 3-1, in a mid-week clash at Stadio Olimpico on Thursday.
Investcorp Bank has seen signs of a gradual recovery in the third quarter following the global recession in the first six months of the year.
Loulou de la Falaise, who created jewellery and hats for fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent, died on Saturday at the age of 63, the Yves Saint Laurent-Pierre Bergé Foundation announced.
The Dallas Stars sent defenceman Mark Fistric, forward James Neal and left-winger Chris Conner to the minor leagues.
A former French minister was charged with graft Thursday over alleged arms deal kickbacks said to have funded the presidential campaign of an ally of President Nicolas Sarkozy, a lawyer said.
Grey's Anatomy stars Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey have signed up for two more seasons of the show.
Kenyans dominated the 28th Vienna Marathon yesterday, sweeping the top eight places in the competition.
blinkx, the world's largest and most advanced video search engine, today announced that it is the fastest growing video site in the US, and also one of the fastest growing online sites in the UK, as users continue to turn to blinkx to find video content ranging from premium high definition movies and sports, to breaking news and top quality niche content.
Traditional Chinese medicine directory and resource site TCMDirectory.com has announced it is to offer free websites to all holistic health practitioners looking to get online, as part of its ongoing commitment to help practitioners survive the recession and win more business in the economic downturn.
A house fire in West Campus leaves five University of Texas fraternity brothers homeless.
A Times journalist was disciplined in 2009 for involvement in ``computer hacking'', the Leveson Inquiry has been told.
Elaine Brown is taking the Fifth in the trial of three men accused of helping her and her husband evade arrest after being convicted on federal tax charges.
The Chicago Bears added three players to the roster after a large workout Thursday, adding defensive end Cheta Ozougwuto the mix. The Tribune reported Thursday that veteran defensive tackles John McCargo and DeMario Pressley would be signed and the club announced all three players Friday.
Cree was downgraded by research analysts at Ticonderoga from a ``buy'' rating to a ``neutral'' rating in a report issued on Monday.
A recent study confirms that a popular French weight loss drug has killed and harmed thousands of users over the past 30 years.
Chinese P2P online video and download accelerator provider Xunlei has announced its 2010 gaming strategy.
A Rome man was charged with felony marijuana possession after police found the drug in his vehicle after a traffic stop early Dec. 28, reports stated.
Nirmal Bang Equities has downgraded IVRCL to `Hold` from `Buy` with a price target of Rs 76 as against the current market price of Rs 70 in its report dated Apr. 3, 2012.
Arrowstreet, a firm providing architecture, planning, and graphic design services, has promoted key staff members.
An industry source based in Vietnam informed a polymerupdate team member that talks on five oil projects between Vietnam and Venezuela were proceeding at a fast pace.
Amid tepid demand at home and calls from the Obama administration to explore global markets, more small businesses are seeking out export financing, the Export-Import Bank reported Friday.
A ruling party leader in South Korea proposed Thursday holding parliamentary talks with North Korea to resolve tension caused by the shooting death of a tourist near a mountain resort in the North.
Huhne, who will continue to serve in Parliament with the Liberal Democrat party, will appear in court later this month to face a criminal charge of perverting the course of justice.
Tunisians turned out in force for their country's first truly free elections on Sunday, voting that is expected to favor a long-banned Islamist party and seen as a bellwether for pro-democracy movements across the Arab world.
CouponSpot announces launch of online operations with a swank new website that offers coupon codes and shopping deals to over 1000 online stores.
A 69-year-old Presque Isle man was killed Friday in a two-vehicle collision on Houlton Road.
Thomson Reuters today launched Elektron, its next generation real-time network and hosting environment, in India to meet the strong demand for fast and cost-effective access to this important emerging market.
By Daily Star Reporter THE 70th anniversary of the historic Dambusters raid was marked with a Lancaster bomber flypast yesterday.
Almost all major car makers were launching their version of the compact car for Indian roads Private sector engineering major Larsen & Toubro has said that China is systematically killing the Indian manufacturing sector, and sought 25% anti-dumping duty on Chinese goods.
Regent's Park Open Air Theatre has announced today that Robert Sean Leonard will play Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird, the first production of the 2013 season.
Kim Peek, the real Rain Man whose almost unimaginable powers of memory were coupled with severe disabilities and who inspired the Oscar-winning film role played by Dustin Hoffman, has died of a heart attack in his home town of Salt Lake City, aged 58.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp., maker of the iMiEV electric car, raised its full-year vehicle sales forecast on higher estimates for Europe.
Self harm crisis centre, Pieta House, is marking its fifth year in operation in the Lucan area of Dublin by opening a new facility in Limerick today.
the Spanish relegation battle reaches its grim, dramatic, traumatic conclusion on Sunday.
Pakistani troops fired at NATO helicopters patrolling the Afghan-Pakistani border.
Bargainica, a local discount organic and natural foods store, will close its State Street location Oct. 31.
Dan Uggla extended his hit streak to 28 games today during the Braves 6-5 victory over the Mets.
Falkirk manager John Hughes says he know exactly what went wrong in the defeat to Hibernian last weekend.
Maersk Line, the world's largest container shipper, said on Monday it would raise freight rates between Asia and Europe in two stages.
RailTel, the telecom arm of Indian Railways, is set to provide optical fibre-based broadband network in neighbouring countries like Bangladesh and Bhutan.
Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. today announced that it will host a conference call at 10:00 am EDT on May 4, to provide an update on the Company's development progress and corporate strategy.
Adult film star Jessie Andrews on Friday launched a line of women's jewelry called Bagatiba, which is the Latvian word for ``opulence.''
Direct free kick taken by Timor (Osasuna) left footed attempt His shot narrowly misses the target.
``A democracy is always temporary in nature; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government. A democracy will continue to exist up until the time that voters discover that they can vote themselves generous gifts from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates who promise the most benefits from the public treasury, with the result that every democracy will finally collapse over loose fiscal policy, always followed by a dictatorship. ``The average age of the world's greatest civilizations from the beginning of history, has been about 200 years. During those 200 years, these nations always progressed through the following sequence: From bondage to spiritual faith; from spiritual faith to great courage; from courage to liberty; from liberty to abundance; from abundance to complacency; from complacency to apathy; from apathy to dependence; from dependence back into bondage.'' Whose obituary does this appear to be? A clue: born 1776, died 2012. SqlXml execution failed. (Microsoft)(ODBC SQL Server Driver)(SQL Server)Incorrect syntax near the keyword 'and'. (Microsoft)(ODBC SQL Server Driver)(SQL Server)Statement could not be prepared.
CAMRA, the Campaign for Real Ale, is looking for examples of publicans who have diversified their businesses to make them more successful.
FARGO, ND The Fargo City Commission has voted unanimously to move ahead with a southside flood control project.
``This is an emergency,'' Mayor Thomas Menino said in a joint press conference with Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis and Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley.
US crude oil price edged down on Tuesday after choppy trading as conflicts in Libya continued and US was supposed to post an increasing crude inventories report on Wednesday.
An eastern Kentucky couple accused of sexually abusing two children will stay behind bars on a five million dollar bond.
New Delhi, Aug 2 India will soon begin scaling up its immunisation programmes to reach out to remote regions of the country, Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad told the World Health Organisation's high-level ministerial meeting here Tuesday.
Ethiopian troops have crossed the border back into central Somalia, only days after Addis Ababa completed a military pullout from its neighbour, witnesses and officials said Tuesday.
Richmond County investigators are looking into a report that a man impersonating a police officer took a bag of jewelry from an 84-year-old Augusta man.
Three Schererville families are walking at Lincoln Park in Chicago on Saturday to help raise funds for children's cancer research.
Senate Democrats said this morning they have the 32 votes needed to reclaim the majority, saying they picked up the three seats needed to regain power.
NORTH CAROLINA, CRAVEN COUNTY AMENDED NOTICE OF FORECLOSURE SALE 09 SP 297 Under and by virtue of a Power of Sale contained in that certain Deed of Trust executed by Christine Carol Richards, separated to David W Dillard, Trustee, which was dated June 24, 2004 and recorded on June 30, 2004 in Book 2203 at Page 65, Craven County Registry, North Carolina.
Kristin Chenoweth is quitting ``The Good Wife'' ... blaming her sudden exit on the devastating injuries she sustained during a freak accident on the set last month.
CEO of Xilinx Inc. Moshe Gavrielov sells 5,730 shares of XLNX on 12/02/2011 at an average price of $33.57 a share.
Long Island, NY, October 03, 2009 --- ``Questions about wild turkey presence continue well beyond our participation in the NYSDEC Summer Wild Turkey Survey,'' said Mindy Block, Quality Parks President.
An eastern Arizona boy is set to be sentenced Friday on a trio of probation violations.
Ranchi district has highest literacy rate at 77.13 per cent and Pakur has the lowest with 50.17.
Laurie Rowley, one of the most prolific writers of TV comedy, has died at the age of 68.
Kathmandu, Dec 1 Charles Sobhraj, who is serving a life sentence here for the 1975 murder of an American tourist, has now moved the UN for justice, filing a complaint against the government of Nepal.This is not the 64-year-old celebrated international criminal's first complaint to the UN Human Rights Committee mandated to monitor the implementation of the 1966 UN treaty, Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Goldcorp is preparing to sell its 49% stake in Silver Wheaton Corp., a transaction that could raise at least C$1.8 billion, according to sources close to the deal.
Brent crude futures extended gains to more than $1 on Thursday as the weak dollar and caution ahead of Iran's talks with major powers about Tehran's nuclear program supported oil prices.
Aparna Nair, famous as a stage performer, is making her debut in Tamil.
Lockheed Martin delivered the sixth C-130J Super Hercules to crews at Dyess Air Force Base, Texas, today.
The world's oldest person has died in Japan at the age of 116, local government officials said.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand are reportedly set to get married next weekend in India.
FlightSafety and Gulfstream are expanding the total technical training programme to include aircraft cabin systems courses.
Country crooner Kenny Chesney recently told Hollywood actress Reese Witherspoon that he is a big fan of her.
Three Central Michigan players have been kicked off the football team after being charged with crimes, including a prep star who transferred from Michigan.
Turkish police seized over 179 kg of hashish in two operations in eastern Turkey on Saturday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Gov. Jay Nixon proposed Friday to cut 31 state boards and 473 appointment positions that he says are redundant or are no longer holding meetings.
A student of Guru Govind Singh B.Ed college was committed suicide today by consuming sulfas, sources said.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday wished Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J.Jayalalithaa on her 64th birthday.
Bobbi Kristina and adopted brother turned fiancé Nick Gordon saved a mans life by springing into action to help a hearts attack victim near Atlanta.
A new dual carriageway to reduce congestion, improve journey times and safety on the A421 between the M1 and Bedford is now open to traffic.
Members of the Toronto Hash Mob chanted, ``We're here, we're high, get used to it!'' to early morning commuters on Queen St. W., adding marijuana laws need to be changed.
A $31 million budget deficit projected for the remainder of the current fiscal year and for 2009-10 could grow, warn town officials, who say that could force them to consider further cost reductions, including another round of layoffs from the municipal workforce.
Rihanna and Chris Brown were seen showing PDA during the Grammy Awards on February 10th.
She was arrested for possession after drug sniffing dogs found the hash and a small amount of marijuana, and is waiting for a judge to decide her fate.
Six NFL players have been suspended for four games each after taking banned substances which could act as masking agents for steroids, the NFL said yesterday.
Behind a flurry of three pointers and some stout defense, the Kansas Jayhawks lead the Valparaiso Lancers 44-27 at half.
Kid Rock does not understand how people can check themselves into rehab to battle their drug addictions.
You were the leader among the five of us and the guidance and advice you gave us will remain in our hearts forever.
Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and Republican vice-presidential candidate, has left Fox News after a three-year stint at the cable network.
Tesco , Britain's largest retailer, survived a big investor protest over changes to its management share option plan on Friday, but comfortably saw off complaints it should do more to help migrant workers.
The Luzon-wide blackout caused by tropical storm Basyang affected water supply in some areas in Cavite and Las Piñas on Wednesday.
His Budget Director says New York is ``officially'' in recession.
The Bryant Babe Ruth All Stars win in the World Series semi-finals Tuesday night beating Monroe Township, NJ 2-1 in Kitsap County, Washington.
A soldier from South Lake Tahoe was killed in Iraq when the vehicle he was in was struck by a roadside bomb, the military announced Wednesday.
Well, you'll never see a postman on a bike any more either.
Ebrahim returns to Formula Two after a promising 2009 campaign which saw him score several points paying finishes, including a standout weekend in Brno where he improved an incredible total of 24 places in the two races to claim sixth place in each.
A recent article from The Hollywood Reporter has announced that Joaquin Phoenix will be starring in a new Paul Thomas Anderson film titled Inherent Vice.
Crusaders rugby coach Todd Blackadder was not tempted to recall regular captain Kieran Read despite the late loss of fellow loose forward Richie McCaw for the Super rUGBY southern derby against the Highlanders tomorrow.
The Tigers improved to 4-0 and the Panthers fell to 3-2.
ANAHEIM, Calif ANAHEIM, Calif. Jered Weaver learned Thursday that he lost his arbitration case to the Angels, a ruling that dictates the ace will receive a salary of $7.365 million this season instead of the $8.8 million he was seeking.
The Texas Senate approved the ``Sanctuary Cities'' bill early this morning with all
Sir Elton John and his partner, Canadian born David Furnish have become proud parents.
Nearly 1 in 20 Americans older than 50 have artificial knees, or more than 4 million people, according to the first national estimate showing how common these replacement joints have become in an aging population.
HSBC has cut its fixed mortgage rates from today, bringing relief to a small band of mortgage holders.
Apple Inc. said it will open its first Hong Kong retail store this quarter and is targeting another Shanghai store opening by the end of the year.
A snowmobiler was injured Saturday afternoon when his companion ran into him while they were traveling on North St. Helen Road.
Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd has been treated in hospital for a foot infection.
A Salina business is scammed out of over $21,000 worth of inventory.
Tigers reliever Joel Zumaya is scheduled to pitch for Triple-A Toledo on Saturday after having his rehab transferred from Class A Lakeland.
BJP slammed the railway budget saying that it had been prepared in haste and failed to provide the needed impetus even as Congress described it as pro people and a reflection of the policies of the UPA Government.
Italian giants Inter Milan were stunned by Trabzonspor as the Turkish stand-ins began their Champions League season with a shock 1-0 win at the San Siro.
Two well-known north Suffolk pubs have closed adding to the rising tide of drinking holes calling time.
The Moscow authorities are working out a strategy for developing the ZIL truck factory, said Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin on Sunday.
A man early this morning robbed a 7-Eleven store in Bradenton after he threatened to shoot someone, according to the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
A Travelers Rest man who was punched in the face March 21 died from his injuries five days later, resulting in a voluntary manslaughter charge against one of his neighbors, authorities said today.
Mexico's National Human Rights Commission called on the government Tuesday to find four Mexican journalists reported missing in or near the violence-wracked northern state of Durango.
The People Mover resumed operations at 6 pm today after being shut down because of a storm this week, officials said.
A MAN will face court today, charged over a Tuart Hill home invasion last week which left a man in hospital.
For those with seriously diminished attention spans, the update on our team's fortunes goes thus: the Eagles need only an ounce of luck to make the top four; the Dockers need a minor miracle to make the eight.
A 20-year-old man was shot in the head and killed in Pinewood Gardens Wednesday night.
Economic uncertainty weighed the markets down to a lower close with the Dow easing 2 points to 13,073.
Arsene Wenger has described the growing criticism of his management of Arsenal as ``unbelievable'' and admitted he is made to feel as if he has ``killed someone''.
Several vintage World War II planes are on display at Fort Wayne International Airport in Fort Wayne.
Troy Renck of the Denver Post reports that the Rockies have talked to the agent for veteran reliever Brad Lidge.
Women voters, long taken for granted by Hillary Clinton as she gave speeches about making history as the first female American president, are deserting her in droves for her rival Barack Obama.
The largest international Mothercare store has opened today in Dubai Mall with a day long celebration of children and family entertainment suitably marking the 25th anniversary of the brand's presence in the region.
The FAA is trying to figure out what forced a pilot to make an emergency landing in Branch County.
Despite several rumors & reports, Taylor Momsen told Katie Krause that she will NOT be returning to Gossip Girl for the 100th episode set to air in January of 12.
Bizarre Vic kidnap plotter sent to jail Updated: 19:09, Friday May 3, 2013 A Melbourne man has been jailed for at least seven years over the kidnapping and attempted murder of an 29-year-old woman in a failed extortion plot.
European sharemarkets fell for a second day on Wednesday, with national benchmark indexes falling in 17 of the 18 western European markets, led lower by stocks in insurers, banks and commodity producers.
Manchester United full-back Patrice Evra has defended France team-mate Thierry Henry amid his handball controversy.
I am a big fan of men wearing undershirts under their dress shirts.
AOL has bought content aggregator Sphere, in an effort to expand its network of content publishers and drive online users to AOL pages.
Zimbabwe has accused Botswana of training opposition insurgents to oust President Robert Mugabe, state media said, increasing tensions between the neighbours and adding to doubts over a power-sharing deal.
Actor Diego Luna has welcomed a baby girl with his wife Camila Sodi and named her after his late mother.
In the Philippines, the love for shopping malls runs deep, so deep that they coined a special term to describe this favourite national pasttime.
BIG-SERVING Australian Chris Guccione won both tie-breakers to beat American Vince Spadea in a straight sets at the ATP and WTA hardcourt tournament in Memphis.
Cambodians at the Thai-Cambodian border Tuesday have been stockpiling goods from the Thai side due to continued rumors of the border closure because of the diplomatic standoff of the two countries.
A trial date has been set for three Prince Albert men charged in a stabbing death that took place last summer.
India's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, will add 400-500 branches annually over the next three years and focus on financing infrastructure projects in road and power.
THE ``F'' word, as in frustration, was etched into many an Irish face on exiting the recorder's hut behind the 18th green at Wentworth yesterday.
StatoilHydro has confirmed the existence of oil, gas and condensate in the north-eastern part of the Smørbukk deposit, which is part of the Åsgard field in the Norwegian Sea.
Jaunpur, Jan 18 A murder convict escaped from police custody while being transferred to another jail, police said here today.
With the release of their third full-length album, ``Carriage,'' set for June 29 on Out Of This Spark, Forest City Lovers have announced a first round of North American tour dates for the summer of 2010 with additional shows still to be announced.
Kellogg's has announced a voluntary recall on some Special K Red Berries cereal packages due to the possible presence of glass fragments.
The Crusaders have roared back to life with a 41-19 victory over the Bulls in a surprisingly one-sided affair at AMI Stadium in Christchurch on Saturday night.
A man with a history of mental illness has pleaded not guilty in Los Angeles to stalking actress and singer Selena Gomez.
Jones secured his first NL batting title, walking in his only at-bat of the game.
Open source software provider Red Hat has released a new open hybrid cloud management platform, Red Hat CloudForms.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has officially been cast as Plutarch Heavensbee in The Hunger Games sequel, Catching Fire.
Microsoft says it is poised to make a 'major' announcement in Los Angeles on Monday.
``Victorious'' stars Avan Jogia and Liz Gillies recently met up with Teen.com to talk about the new ``Victorious'' video games ``Victorious: Time to Shine'' on the XBox Kinect and ``Victorious: Hollywood Arts Debut'' for the Nintendo DS. Developed by D3Publisher, the games give players a chance to attend Hollywood Arts, interact with all your favorite stars, and be a star.
``The situation changed with the shift of power. The Ukrainian diplomacy started viewing GUAM as a restraint of Russian interest in the Caucasus and Black Sea countries as well as in Central Asia. However, GUAM is mostly a US project and its futility is conditioned by lack of economic foundation, the Caspian oil,'' he said, Analitika.at.ua reports.
ANZ posted a record interim profit and says it is well placed to withstand the headwinds of a more difficult trading environment.
Price of gold in Vietnam rose above VND42 million a tael on August 6 thanks to a slight rise in global price triggered by risk appetite.
Microsoft announced plans to open its own stores despite the economic downturn that has left many retailers struggling.
With a severe shortage of domestic coal supply, private utility Tata Power is scouting for coal mines overseas, particularly in Indonesia and South Africa, a senior company official said on Wednesday.
And last night the families of the three Paras killed in Afghanistan paid tribute to their brave young men, saying they made them proud every day.
Fisherman across the state joined by political leaders, social activists and others formed a human chain on Saturday, seeking protection to fishermen and their means of livelihood.
AP critics pick the year's best movies Meredith Sue Israel Thomas, a publicist for key acts like Dave Matthews Band and Christina Aguilera, died from cancer last week.
Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor endorsed a jewellery brand Gitanjali Jewels here on Monday.
MINNEAPOLIS Arctic Cat says it plans to cut another 60 jobs in Minnesota, its second round of layoffs this year.
The Election Secretariat says casting of postal votes will take place today and tomorrow.
The Museum of Contemporary Art in downtown Chicago has received a $10 million gift from two longtime supporters.
Scientists have pointed to forests for carbon storage solutions, as they help stabilize the climate and are abundant sources of other ecological goods and services -- such as cleansed air, fertile soil and filtered water.
Individuals with Parkinson's disease were more likely to have a neurochemical response to a placebo medication if they were told they had higher odds of receiving an active drug showing that expectations may affect the placebo response.
Veolia Environment has sold its water and wastewater business to Beijing Enterprises Water Group Ltd. Europe's biggest water company sold its business for Eur95 million or US$121 million in an effort to cut its debt.
The Carteret County Sheriff's office is looking for a sex offender after he failed to notify the Sheriff's Office of his new address.
Wayne Rooney's wife Coleen has unveiled her new affordable swinging sixties vintage collection for online store Littlewoods.
Food Lion LLC kicks off its seventh annual ``Hunger Has a Cure'' campaign to support local food banks affiliated with Feeding America.
Greece urged Turkey on Sept. 9 to pull its troops out of divided Cyprus as a telling contribution to the UN-backed peace process aimed at ending the island's division.
Jamia Millia Islamia university will hold a silent peace march on November 5, 2008 to spread the message of peace, tolerance, secularism and communal harmony.
The financially troubled multi-million dollar Caribbean investment firm Harlequin Property has applied for its sales arm to go into administration.
If Demi Lovato has a say in things then yes, she would love a Demi/Miley Cyrus duet on her upcoming album!
CHARLESTON, SC Three-time Grand Slam Champion Maria Sharapova has committed to play in the 2011 Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
A Territorial Army soldier who volunteered to serve in Afghanistan was killed after saying he was ``still waiting'' for promised new body armour and helmets.
Bangladesh coach Jamie Siddons has been fined 10 per cent of his applicable match fee for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during his team's second Test match against England at Dhaka.
Now it turns out that the rumors are true, as confirmation has surfaced that the Xperia X10 will officially be stuck on Android 2.1.
They won a game because of pitching, they lost a player because of injury, and they spoke hopefully of rolling with the punches because they've done that all year.
Gold futures climbed more than $10 an ounce in electronic trading on Globex during afternoon trading in Tokyo as the market attempted to recoup part of the metal's two-session loss of $31.60.
BUNYA landfill could soon be producing green power under a bold new plan to reduce greenhouse gases.
Sterling fell broadly on Monday, hitting the day's low against the euro as a European central bank was seen buying the single European currency ahead of the day's fixing.
Hundreds of children have been missing following the devastating floods in Pakistan, a media report said.
Supreme Court Justice Sarosh Homi Kapadia has been appointed the new chief justice of India.
James ``Whitey'' Bulger pleaded not guilty to a 32-count federal indictment, including 19 murders, in Boston on Wednesday.
14/05/2008 17:00:00 Business Wire Sogeti USA, a premier provider of information technology solutions & services, was recently honored at the Cincinnati USA Partnership s annual growth awards in recognition of significant investments made by the company in the Blue Ash region.
AP takes a look back at 2011 with a video that played before 1 million revelers in a partnership with the Times Square Alliance.
Between 2008 and 2009, total state government revenue dropped by more than 30 percent, according to recently released US Census Bureau figures.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of Mobile, the Most Reverend Thomas J. Rodi, has asked all Catholic parishes within the archdiocese to conduct a special collection January 16 and 17 for disaster relief in Haiti, following the deadly earthquakes that hit that impoverished nation this past week.
It has been a confusing night of trading; adversity to risk has ruled in most financial markets, as the Asia/Pacific stock markets closed mostly down, the European bourses are declining, and the gold/oil spread advanced.
The New York Philharmonic Orchestra arrived Wednesday in South Korea a day after an historic performance in North Korea.
Lions quarterback Shaun Hill suffered a fractured left arm against the New York Giants today just before halftime.
Investment Advisor SP Tulsian is of the view that one can remain invested in Sesa Goa.
Three women in Malaysia have been caned for offences under Islamic law, the first time females have received such a punishment there.
The keys to two new schools in Guernsey have been handed from the builders to the Education Department.
Relay for Life of Pittsgrove is seeking volunteers to make its 2012 event a success.
Four more Palestinians were critically wounded by Israeli fire at West Bank protests on Monday afternoon, hours after two Palestinians died from wounds as widespread rallies were held in support of Gaza.
Triangle Capital Corporation today announced the commencement of a public offering of 2,500,000 shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering.
Cloud storage outfit Mediafire has launched an Android app and it is offering 50GB of free storage to mark the occasion.
Circuit City stores will offer an HD DVD notebook deal beginning next week in a new store promotion.
JLS think Lily Allen has ``lovely boobs'', after the guys got an eyeful of the singer at the BRITs last month.
METAL thieves ruthlessly ripped up copper piping inside a scout hut used weekly by hundreds of youngsters.
The Stamford man killed Saturday by lightning while fishing from a jetty worked in Valhalla, the Connecticut Post reported.
Tina Fey reprised her role as Sarah Palin on Saturday Night Live, again appearing as the Republican vice presidential candidate in an opening sketch.
With election day fast approaching, time is running out for unenrolled voters to get their names on the roll.
Automatic life sentences for every murderer could be scrapped in a fresh review of the law, a justice minister has signalled.
A convenient store manager was shot by a motorcyclist yesterday in Taipei and the suspect was still on the run.
Rafael Nadal produced another masterclass of clay-court tennis on Sunday to win his fifth French Open title and avenge last year's defeat by Robin Soderling.
Altor Equity Partners has confirmed that it is looking to offload Norwegian outdoor wear brand Helly Hansen.
Kenneth Bacon, a Pentagon spokesman in the Clinton administration, died Saturday at the age of 64 after losing a battle with skin cancer that made its way to his brain.
The January 12 earthquake in Haiti caused extensive damage to port facilities in Port au Prince.
AOL has completed its $315 million purchase of online news hub The Huffington Post.
ArvinMeritor Inc., which makes parts for commercial vehicles, said Tuesday it narrowed its third-quarter loss significantly as revenue rose 35 percent.
In addition, World Bank members agreed to a general capital increase of 3 and a half billion US dollars.
Some dog treats have been recalled after a five year FDA investigation over thousands of dogs getting sick and hundreds of dogs dying from an antibiotic in the product.
Former anti-gay megachurch pastor Ted Haggard, who fell from grace amid a sex scandal involving a male prostitute, is starting a new church in Colorado Springs.
Sources close to the fight have informed Top MMA News that John Makdessi vs Kyle Watson has been added to the April 30th UFC 129 event at the Rogers Bell Centre in Toronto, Ontario.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey insists ... he didn't drive drunk on a San Francisco bridge last month -- pleading ``not guilty'' to DUI today in a California court.
Bank of America has agreed to buy investment bank Merrill Lynch for US$50 billion in a transaction that creates the world's largest financial services company, the bank announced early Monday.
Dr. Dre, Iovine donate $70M for new USC center - wistv.com - Columbia, South Carolina A Richland County jury has found Brett Parker guilty of killing his wife and business partner inside his home in April, 2012.Copyright 2013 WIS.
Three-time surfing world champion Andy Irons died of dengue fever today, at the young age of 32.
SANA'A, Feb.17 - The forth Arab conference on the future of Arab trade liberalization negotiations under the umbrella of World Trade Organization concluded its activities on Tuesday in Sana'a.
Kilgore yoga classes will be offered in Parks Fitness Center, and Longview classes will be offered at Good Shepherd Medical Centers' Institute for Healthy Living on Hawkins Parkway.
Singer Olivia Newton-John says she still believes her missing boyfriend is alive.
Adroll, a startup that offers ad net services, has raised a first round funding, Venturebeat reported.
EMS Technologies, Inc., announced today that it has signed a definiti definitive agreement to acquire Satamatics Global Ltd., a global provider of Inmarsat IsatM2M services, he headq headquartered in Tewkesbury, UK.
S&T Bank of Indiana hired or promoted four finance professionals.
The death toll from landslides in Guatemala has risen to 36, Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said on Sunday, calling this a ``national tragedy.''
Fashion Competition: over £500 worth of M Missoni to be won, a ribbon and corsage necklace,; webbed belt,, printed beach bag,.
At the Mobile World Congress event, MasterCard introduced MasterPass, a digital service that allows consumers to use any payment card or enabled device to discover enhanced shopping experiences.
India has managed to reduce the rate of HIV transmission in some states through increased awareness, resources and legislation, according to a report released Monday by India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Reuters reports.
New Mexico Auditor Hector Balderas officially announced his Senate campaign on Tuesday in a brief video that underscores his rural, northern New Mexico roots and his work as auditor in cracking down on corruption.
Kevin Durant dunks all over Brendan Haywood in this video during Game 2 of the Western Conference finals.
Former Manchester United defender Zeki Fryers has signed a two-year contract with Belgian club Standard Liege.
Mitch Clarke and Anton Kuivanen are set to meet at UFC 149, UFC officials announced on Friday.
Mariah Carey had to wait for the screening of her new movie 'Precious' at the Cannes Film Festival.
Longtime ``Sesame Street'' writer Judy Freudberg, who co-created the show's ``Elmo's World'' segment and also scripted animated features ``An American Tail'' and ``The Land Before Time,'' died of a brain tumor in New York on Sunday, June 10.
The panel approved 73 housing loans worth 1,275,534 rials.
British energy group Centrica has announced that it will increase its shareholding in Belgian power generation and supply company SPE to a 51% controlling stake.
A Congolese journalist was shot dead by men in military fatigues, in front of his home in the northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo town of Beni, on Monday, according to two Congolese journalists who knew him well, APA reports.
The Pac-12 Network, featuring the Washington universities, will go live on Wednesday, Aug. 15 at 6 pm
Jason Roberts can't wait to be part of the new generation at Reading after joining the club from Blackburn Rovers for an undisclosed fee.
HUGO, Minn. Governor Pawlenty has declared a state of emergency for Washington County after the storm that killed a toddler and flattened dozens of houses.
London residents have today been revealed as one of the most unhygienic in Britain, according to a poll of 4,000 adults by Wet Ones to launch National Hand Hygiene Awareness Week.
The recent release of political prisoners in Belarus could provide the possibility for a review of the European Union's restrictions against Minsk, the French EU presidency says in Tuesday's declaration on behalf of the bloc.
Qualcomm said Thursday it has found partners to keep at least part of its fledgling Lifecomm project going.
As-Safir daily reported on Monday that a Lebanese businessman named ``Al- Hajj Salah Ezzeddine'' has gone bankrupt knowing that thousands of residents in Dahiyeh, the South and the Bekaa had invested in his projects.
A northern Chinese province has punished more than 300 employees caught gambling, singing karaoke or otherwise neglecting official duties during work hours.
Apple has stated that its iPad 2 will be available in India from the 1st week of May onwards as indicated by new reports.
Stephen Colbert draws Bill Clinton to Twitter Bill Clinton is now on Twitter, albeit without a very presidential name.
Bollywood's veteran actor and megastar Amitabh Bachchan will record the original version of Madhushala by his father Harivansh Rai Bachchan.
The Third Annual Guns and Hoses Charity Basketball Game June 21 at the Evangel Gym, 1111 N. Glenstone Ave., will benefit Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Ozarks.
New Delhi, Aug 21 Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan's 'Peepli Live', which will perhaps be the first non-commercial Hindi film to hit over 600 screens, has already recovered its investment by selling its satellite rights for Rs. 100 million.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrived in Japan this morning and was warmly received at the Marinouchi hotel in Tokyo.
Two human cases of West Nile virus were reported in Glenn County on Sept. 2 and 3, health department officials said.
Newspapers always have been a valuable teaching tool, whether at home or in the classroom.
US President Barack Obama vowed on Friday to ``stand fast'' against the recent wave of violence targeting American diplomatic missions, triggered by an American film that insults Prophet Mohammed and infuriated the Muslim communities worldwide.
PARTICK THISTLE have threatened former manager Jackie McNamara with legal action over compensation they say they are due following his move to Dundee United.
Christina Aguilera has been announced as a judge on new singing competition show 'The Voice'.
Miikka Kiprusoff will start game four after being pulled due to his poor play in game three.
He feels that fans are going to love his actress girlfriend Kareena Kapoor in Agent Vinod as she has come out of her comfort zone to work in the spy thriller.
The brand new Cloud 9 sky bar & lounge in Prague Florenc brings a whole new dimension to the Czech mixology scene.
A homeless man who accidentally got his head stuck in a bin has been freed by a team of firefighters in Aberdeen.
Thailand's southbound trains resumed full service Friday after being suspended for two weeks due to large numbers of SRT staff taking sick leave and holiday time, while State Railway of Thailand management to announce disciplinary action against 18 more staff for their roles in the train stoppage.
Blackpool manager, Ian Holloway, says he is prepared to be patient and wait for the current trialists at the club to impress him.
Telekomunikacja Polska SA, Poland's dominant telecommunications company, Wednesday said full-year net profit fell 92% as it was hit by a legal dispute, and warned 2011 revenue would fall as the Polish telecommunications market is in decline.
Actor-turned-filmmaker Pooja Bhatt, who has been busy making her films' heroines look beautiful, says she now wants to devote time to get back into shape.
A new study shows that socially engaging environments full of friendships and stress can ward off obesity and help lose weight by transforming energy-storing fat into energy-burning fat.
After losing three out of four in Boston, Tampa Bay looks to get back on track as it opens a three-game series in Toronto on Tuesday.
SEOUL, South Korea - South Korea says it will chemically castrate a convicted serial child sex offender in its first use of such a punishment.
Celebrity Dance Studio donated their time and talents last night at the Indian Boundary YMCA fundraiser, ``Dance Like a Star.''
A 59-year-old Bellwood man was killed Tuesday morning after a crash on Old Route 220 just north of Cold Springs Drive.
A mother-of-three 'took a chance' and drove her three children in a car without insurance and without a proper driving licence, Derry Magistrates' Court has heard.
A ``Storage Wars'' star dies may not have been the headline fans of the hit reality TV series may have been expecting this week, but the Huffington Post reported this Tuesday, Feb. 12, that Mark Balelo of ``Storage Wars'' was found dead yesterday in a suspected suicide.
The US dollar rose to a near three-month high in mid-95 yen range on Tuesday in Tokyo.
NEW ORLEANS - Tidewater Inc., which transports vessels for the offshore oil drillers, said Thursday that its second-quarter vessel revenue will be less than expected because of delays getting ships that were committed for charters to Saudi Aramco.
Mercer Raceway Park has released the 2010 schedule of events with Saturday, March 27 set as the 59th anniversary season opener with the inaugural appearance by the UFo Championship Super Late Models, United E-Mod Series, open Stock Cars, and the M&D Paving Mini Stocks making up the Chiller Thriller at 7 pm Another season of heart-pounding racing excitement and quality family events make up the 2010 slate.
Intel said Tuesday that its net income leaped 59 per cent and sales rose 18 per cent, both topping analysts' expectations.
The 2010 Oscar nominations were revealed this morning via an official announcement from outside the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills.
A man lay dead in his car on a busy Auckland road for five days before a resident raised the alarm with police.
Mediacom has renewed its Ceon contract for three more years, extending the agreement to 2010.
But as a season and a new dawn descends on Turf Moor, new Burnley skipper Qasim Ali is relishing the new campaign.
Now a popular fashion designer, Karl Lagerfeld, has designed a limited edition Coca Cola Light bottle for the French market.
A second camp for Syrian refugees has opened in Jordan as more Syrians flee the civil war at home.
A group of four people were robbed at gunpoint in Lynbrook on Friday night, Nassau County police said.
Tony McCoy confirmed he has broken ribs after a fall at the final fence in a race at Taunton on Friday.
A COLD weather alert was issued at 11am today and the temperature will plummet 8 to 10 degrees Celsius in the city within the next 48 hours, the Shanghai Meteorological Bureau said.
Portions of McGregor Park reopened Friday afternoon, May 3rd, and visitors can now return to enjoy another of Clarksville's parks flooded by heavy rains over the course of last weekend.
A woman fought off a man who tried to steal her purse and identified him later to authorities, according to an arrest affidavit.
We could not say definitively that bin Laden was there, US President Barack Obama said on Sunday, and added Osama bin Laden likely had ``some sort'' of a support network inside Pakistan.
We heard last month that Asus would be releasing a bootloader unlock tool for their Transformer Prime tablet, and it looks like the tool has just been released and is now available to download.
A woman was clipped by a car's side-view mirror as she walked along Purchase Street.
A lack of easy credit combined with increased security are fuelling a rise in smaller frauds.
Milwaukee residents are heading to local parks and golf courses to take advantage of the warmer winter weather.
Slums situated in different sector of Islamabad pose security threat as the activities of drug peddlers and arms dealers are on the rise in these areas.
Nelson Mandela left a hospital after ``successful'' medical tests and returned to his home in Johannesburg today, the spokesman for South Africa's president said.
South West Trains has launched a dedicated mobile website aimed at making it easier and quicker for passengers on the move to access the latest information.
A top Republican called on Democratic US Representative Anthony Weiner to resign on Tuesday, saying Congress cannot afford to be distracted by the sexually charged photos and tweets he sent to women.
Pakistan faces no real prospects for sustainable economic growth, a top US intelligence official told lawmakers on Thursday, painting a grim picture of the country's economy.
The Flyers hope the home ice advantage gives them a boost tonight when they host the Chicago Blackhawks in game 3 of the Stanley Cup finals.
More than 100 inmates broke control-room windows, overturned furniture, and started a small fire in a temporary housing block at a medium-security state prison.
Bait cars are being parked at various city park and ride lots.
Police are investigating a possible hate crime on First Hill that was reported early Monday.
An inspector walks past an area where concrete was scheduled to be poured Wednesday afternoon for the new terminal building at Hannibal Regional Airport.
In this Feb. 2, 2011 file photo, a Motorola Mobility Xoom tablet is shown at Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google is buying cell phone maker Motorola Mobility Monday, Aug. 15, 2011, for $12.5 billion in cash in what is by far the company's biggest acquisition to date.
Pakistan has accused satirical news website TheSpoof.com of Islamophobia, and yesterday attempted to block access to the site in Pakistan, which resulted in a global blackout of some areas of the internet.
Now comes word that he had gotten his secret girlfriend pregnant and that Terry may have even paid to have her get an abortion, according to the News of the World.
Telecom major Bharti Airtel today launched 3.75G service in Zambia to provide its customers high-speed access to data on mobiles and said it will rapidly scale up infrastructure this year.
Hamilton County Fire crews managed to extinguish a brush fire in Green Township this afternoon.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the lone woman on the nine-member court, said on Tuesday she would undergo chemotherapy after her surgery for pancreatic cancer.
The Reserve Bank has cut the repo rate by 50 basis points to 5.5%, governor Gill Marcus said on Thursday.
Taiwan share prices closed 0.42 percent lower Thursday as investors stayed on the sidelines amid continued worries over the health of the local economy.
The luxury cruise ship Clelia II arrives in Duluth on Saturday, kicking off the Great Lakes cruise season for the Twin Ports.
A Fargo couple is charged with child neglect after authorities say they found unsanitary and unsafe living conditions in the family's home.
ORBITAL Sciences, one of two private US firms chosen by NASA to shuttle cargo to the International Space Station, has launched its first Antares rocket.
Capcom believes that hardcore gamers have all but abandoned the Wii, though Nintendo says otherwise.
Governor Bob McDonnell announced today that Intelsat, the world's leading provider of satellite services, plans to move its US headquarters from Washington, DC, to Fairfax County.
Redd will suit up for Bucks vs. Bulls, may play for first time in more than 14 months
Market research firm IDC said that US digital camera sales declined even more sharply than expected in the fourth-quarter holiday season, falling 12% to 15 million units.
Rockies hit 3 HRs off Garcia, beat Padres 10-4 Hoping for a future in San Diego, Freddy Garcia got no help from the Arizona wind.
Lenovo plans to start selling its own video game console in November, the latest move by the company to broaden its product portfolio beyond PCs and which will put the Chinese company in direct competition with Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft.
SYDNEY to Hobart yacht race favourite Wild Oats XI has collided with a large shark off Tasmania's east coast.
Ferguson tweeted about collapsing during an intense promotional schedule, without revealing the incident happened during a trip to Melbourne in March.
Israeli actress Ayelet Zurer is set to replace Julia Ormond in Man Of Steel, playing the role of Lara Lor-Van.
Six private security guards were beheaded during a bank robbery in northern Afghanistan, police have said.
The Richmond home builder constructs new homes in five no maintenance communities where lawn care including lime treatment, fertilizing, aerating, repair to irrigation systems, mulching and trimming of the shrubs and trees is taken care of; allowing homeowners to spend their free time as they choose.
HIGH School Musical star Ashley Tisdale has denied going under the knife amid fresh claims she has had more plastic surgery.
In a rare piece of good news for the UK economy, Jaguar Land Rover announced it would create more than 1,000 jobs at its plant in Solihull in the West Midlands.
President Barack Obama believes China is manipulating its currency and plans aggressive diplomacy on the trade front, Treasury secretary-designate Timothy Geithner said.
The Arizona Diamondbacks crushed the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-1 in the fourth and final game of their four-match regular series encounter on Sunday, July 8 at Chase Field, Phoenix.
Brisbane star Sam Thaiday is facing a two week suspension going into the NRL finals for his lifting tackle.
Saudi Arabia warned other countries of a new terror threat by an al-Qaida offshoot based in neighbouring Yemen, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.
A recent industrial tribunal has ruled that business partners over 65 can be forced to retire.
FTRANS, an Atlanta-based provider of accounts receivable and credit management solutions, has raised $4 million in new VC funding.
About 25 people were detained Sunday morning when officers disrupted a cockfight on a ranch south of Fresno.
Pune, May 12 The two suspected swine flu patients here have tested negative for the H1N1 virus, official sources at the Government Sassoon Hospital said today.
Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy, one of the country's leading Democrats, was rushed to the hospital following a seizure.
Thursday, singer, dancer and actress Eartha Kitt died at age 81 of colon cancer, a condition for which she had recently received treatment at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York , according to friend and publicist Andrew Freedman.
Glamorgan have signed Australia pace bowler Shaun Tait as their second overseas player for next season's domestic Twenty20 Cup.
The victim of the fatal motorcycle accident has been identified as 32 year old Norman Harley Davis, of Rincon, according to Effingham County Coroner David Exley.
Air Products and Chemicals said Monday it has boosted its offer to buy rival Airgas to $65.50 per share, but said it will walk away if Airgas shareholders don't elect its board slate and approve its bylaw proposals.
Quentin Tarantino has spent almost a decade writing his latest passion project, the ultraviolent WWII drama ``Inglorious Bastards.''
Russia formally recognized the breakaway Georgian territories at the heart of its war with Georgia on Tuesday, drawing immediate condemnation from the West as the United States dispatched a military ship bearing aid to a port city still patrolled by Russian troops.
In a recent conversation with SI.com's Peter King, Fitzgerald told King that he wants the Cardinals to draft Floyd with the number 13th overall pick in Thursday's 2012 NFL Draft.
An American man has earned himself a Guinness World Record after he built the world's largest ever house of cards.
Actor Dominic Cooper will reportedly star as John Gotti Jr. in forthcoming Mafia movie ``Gotti:
Moscow - Russia set a new minimum price for all vodka sold in the country, in a bid to curb alcoholism and the production and sale of bootleg vodka, both widespread in Russia.
A defense contractor pleaded guilty on Wednesday for plotting to steal competitive information about contracts to provide fuel to the Defense Department aircraft worldwide, the Justice Department said.
WHAT A HELL IS GOING ON IN GHANA? disorder everywhere by Samuel Donkor Since the ousted of he first Republic, Ghana has never experienced any serious accelerated socio-economic development up to this day.
Prologis, a leading industrial real estate investment trust, has recently divested a significant chunk of its portfolio in Korea for net proceeds of $65.6 million.
APPLE says iPad sales have topped two million since its launch almost two months ago.
General Motors Corp., rushing to emerge from bankruptcy, said it plans to build a future small- car model at its Orion Township, Michigan, plant, saving 1,400 jobs.
Billionaire Warren Buffett will conduct several television interviews Monday morning to follow up on another successful weekend of Berkshire Hathaway shareholder events.
The annual Amarnath yatra began today amid tight security as the first batch of 2,096 devotees left Jammu base camp for pilgrimage to the 13,500 meter-high cave shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas.
AirTran says it will boost Milwaukee flights 40 percent beginning in May, adding new flights to Branson, MO;
An offshore natural gas platform sank off Venezuela, and 95 workers were rescued safely, the government said.
Standard Life has launched a new discretionary trust to enhance its suite of estate planning solutions.
One Student has been shot dead and several others sustained injuries in a school strike.
Two Cass County businesses that began in garages outlined their growth at the annual meeting of the Cass County Economic Development Corp.
Hundreds of people showed up for a protest rally on the steps of the Jefferson County Courthouse Saturday, despite the snow and freezing temperatures, to voice their concerns over a local rape trial.
Amy Smart and Carter Oosterhouse, an HGTV star, are engaged after dating for less than a year.
Dec. 3, 2008, 12:30 am - President-elect Barack Obama said that he doesn't want to see America's enthusiasm for change to ``dissipate.''
Results from a 10-year study show that bisexuality in women is not a transitional phase enroute to lesbianism, but rather a distinct and long-term sexual orientation.
Eisenmann AG has acquired carbonisation specialist Ruhstrat GmbH, headquartered in Bovenden-Lenglern, Germany.
Even with the presence of a bitter cold driving rain, the Olympic Flame burned brightly as it arrived in Miramichi yesterday.
A woman tramper who fell two metres and injured her hip and her face has been airlifted from the Tararua Ranges.
Steven Spielberg says he was dying to make a Bond movie By http://www.bollywoodlife.com When two giants of the screen sit and talk, the conversation can be anything but mundane and regular.
Mayors and councillors of demerged cities are forming an ad hoc legal committee on the island-wide agglomeration council to look at the recent Montreal budget and other issues, The Suburban has learned.
Penrice directors survive spill vote Updated: 14:01, Friday January 25, 2013 The directors of chemicals maker Penrice Soda have survived a two strikes board spill vote with strong support for them to remain.
Police say an employee who was shot inside the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort has died.
Edinburgh lad Sir Chris Hoy announced his retirement at the age of 37 from cycling last week in a move which sees him out of the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Authorities think a man who robbed a Sherman bank Tuesday also robbed a Decatur bank Monday.
The Edmonton Oilers will honor Glenn Anderson with a jersey retirement ceremony slated at Rexall Place next year.
Enterprise cloud computing company Salesforce is set to acquire Buddy Media, the makers fo social enterprise software.
The century-old US camera pioneer Eastman Kodak, which brought photography to the masses, filed for bankruptcy early Thursday after years of failing to keep pace with the digital age.
``You realize God is good,'' he said.
Two members of a family, including a one-and-a-half-year-old girl, were killed in an accident in Dighi on Tuesday morning.
The government has announced new funding for school sport and PE worth £150m a year for the next two years.
Notorious killer Charles Manson, 77, was denied parole Wednesday after a California parole panel ``could find nothing good as far as suitability'' for his being parole, a commissioner said.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has asked an Ohio museum to return his Austrian army tank because he was concerned about the upkeep and wants to offer rides to schoolchildren.
The Jackson County school board has set a tentative millage rate and discussed a proposed budget for the 2009-2010 fiscal year.
Barratt Developments PLC has announced a massive 113.4 percent rise in pre-tax profits for the final six months of 2012.
There are potentially thousands of people at risk of radicalisation in the UK, home secretary Theresa May has warned in light of the horrific Woolwich attack.
The process of CPR is undergoing major revisions in the recommended procedure for administering the life saving assistance.
FREMONT, Calif. Fremont fire department officials opened a new, state-of-the-art tactical training center Monday that's expected to have a 75-year lifespan.
The PPP observed a black day in Badin on Saturday to mark the ouster of former premier ZA Bhutto by Gen Zia on July 5, 1977.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani Saturday said Pakistan seeks a peaceful resolution of all issues with India, including the longstanding issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
even as their unions join forces with municipalities to tackle problems in local government, municipal unions emphasised yesterday.
A nurse has been jailed for three years for killing her baby by force-feeding her in the first case of its kind in Britain.
LOS ANGELES -Captain Lou Albano, who became one of the most recognized professional wrestlers of the 1980s after appearing in Cyndi Lauper's ``Girls Just Want to Have Fun'' music video, died Wednesday.
Nationals slugger Adam Dunn hit his 300th career home run Saturday, ending Braves rookie Tommy Hanson's consecutive scoreless innings streak at 26 with the milestone blast.
On Wednesday July 22nd, Rachael and her husband, John Cusimano, lead singer of the band The Cringe, visited VINS to film a segment for Rachael's popular television show, Rachael's Vacations.
JDleader PK Shahi, whose massive defeat in Maharajganj bypoll has put Chief Minister Nitish Kumar in a tight spot and emboldened RJD chief Lalu Prasad to ask him to quit, on Monday said even a campaign by Narendra Modi could not have done much for him.
Stanley Works agreed to buy Black & Decker Corp. for $4.5 billion in stock, in a deal that will enable the companies-- household names in the US tools industry--to cut costs and exert more influence on pricing.
Canadian businesses are unclear when it comes to cloud computing reveals a Microsoft Canada survey released today.
Damascus city officials declared a state of emergency for the city south of Gresham in a unanimous vote Wednesday, Dec. 24.
Merchant bankers Sunday hailed the monetary policy, unveiled last week, as the central bank has not considered ``investment in capital market'' as ``risky or unproductive''.
Eva Longoria admits she admires Angelina Jolie for the work she does as a UN Special Envoy and the charitable acts she carries out.
An Oklahoma City man is facing 10 counts of child sexual abuse for the alleged rape of a young girl over the past three years.
The iconic Wales Millennium Centre attracted more than one million visitors last year and remains the top visitor attraction in Wales for the 5th year running, attracting people from every walk of life on their UK short break in Wales.
Ranbir Kapoor was recently mobbed inside a suburban multiplex where he was spotted with director Imtiaz Ali for a test screening of the trailer of Rockstar.
As the mercury rises, heat wave is sweeping across various north Indian states paralyzing normal life.
Actor Ben Affleck says he is enjoying a quieter life after winning an Oscar.
The European Commission has made a decision to selectively test meat products for horsemeat content during one month.
― A substitute driver and a bus monitor face felony child neglect charges after a 5-year-old boy was left on a Richmond school bus for about an hour.
The Hamilton County Police Department confirms a school bus was involved in an accident Monday morning.
The growing shortage of farmland and water resources may prevent China from achieving its ambitious grain output targets in the next decade, warned both officials and experts.
Jared Lee Loughner appeared in federal court Wednesday, where he plead not guilty to 49 charges related to the Tucson shooting shooting spree that killed six and injured 12 in January.
BONDS lost up to 18 basis points on Friday as investors shied away from riskier assets in the wake of global economic jitters.
Etihad Airways, considered the World's Leading Airline by the prestigious World Travel Awards, has opened a new sales kiosk in the Muscat City Centre for the Holy month of Ramadan.
Terror legislation was used to stop a British climate change activist from travelling to Denmark, it has emerged.
Gov. John Hoeven of North Dakota will announce today a new youth office to head the umbrella of youth programs.
Dontrelle Willis, who has yet to win a game for the Tigers and who has been on the disabled list since March 29 with an anxiety disorder, will start for Detroit in next Wednesday's game against the Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome.
American Idol alum and BNA Records artist Kellie Pickler will sing the national anthem before tomorrow night's Southeastern Conference opener between Vanderbilt and the South Carolina Gamecocks.
2013-05-22T20:10:09Z 2013-05-22T22:14:35Z Who else took the 5th?
Unsung heroes from environmental campaigners to charity fundraisers have been honoured in an awards scheme in Bath.
Mastodon are working on a new studio album according to a recent post by the band.
The Philadelphia Phillies defeated by the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-5 in the fourth and final game of their four-game regular series encounter on Thursday, June 28 at Citizens Bank Park in 2012 Major League Baseball season.
A JOHANNESBURG high court prosecutor has asked that serial rape and murder accused Jack Mogale be found guilty on all charges against him.
A volunteer firefighter in central Iowa has been accused of setting multiple fires.
The wife of a Pakistani shot dead by a US official committed suicide after taking poisonous pills on Sunday, fearing the American would be released without trial, police and doctors said on Monday.
Hospital equipment worth millions of rands is awaiting repairs at the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital``s warehouse, the Democratic Alliance said on Tuesday.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. At Molina Medical Group clinics here, a vending machine rather than a pharmacist dispenses prescription drugs.
ANDY MURRAY accused Carlos Berlocq of gamesmanship after becoming frustrated by the Argentinian's grunting during their fourth round clash at the BNP Paribas Open.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson could be fined by the Premier League after continuing his boycott of the BBC in contravention of a new rule.
The news that Mein Kampf would be returning to German bookshelves was met with mixed reactions from Jewish groups.
WARREN â€`` Stoneridge Inc. has completed its cash tender offer for its outstanding 11Â½% senior notes due 2012 and has accepted for purchase all of the $154,000 aggregate principal amount of the notes tendered by Oct. 4, the early acceptance date.
AirTran Airways will furlough 169 pilots as it moves to cut costs and reduce flight schedules to make up for high fuel prices.
A woman is under arrest after a man was stabbed in the Grangetown area of Cardiff, say police.
Retail trade sales rose by 6.8% year-on-year in March, Statistics South Africa said on Wednesday.
Veteran actor-producer Sujit Kumar, who worked in innumerable Hindi films passed away this morning, at the age of 75.
US Asks Pakistan to do More in Terror War, The Obama administration is stepping up pressure on Pakistan to expand and reorient its fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda, warning that failing to do so would undercut the new strategy and troop increase for Afghanistan that President Obama is preparing to approve.
Gray wolves in the Northern Rockies will be removed from the endangered species list, following a 13-year restoration effort that helped the animal's population soar, federal officials said Thursday.
A Turkish school has won 14 medals at a science olympiad in the United States.
Fruits and vegetables prices have soared in Haryana with monsoon continuing playing truant after hitting north India ten days ago.
``First, and most important, our strategy makes no sense. We are supporting a criminal state in Kabul that is likely involved with the insurgency itself. There is almost nothing to distinguish the Taliban from the Karzai mafias, whose tentacles reach down to the most obscure rural districts.''
Natalia Vorobieva of Russia won the Olympic wrestling gold in the women's 72-kg freestyle, pinning Bulgaria veteran Stanka Zlateva Hristova in the second period.
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines' Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police said Saturday.
Firefighters had to pull a man from a car after one of two crashes overnight.
``India should not act under US pressure. The slain LTTE chief himself used hundreds of kids as shields in his fight in Sri Lanka and the US is killing civilians in drone attacks in Pakistan,'' Swamy told reporters.
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called for 863 more state job cuts and $300 million in new spending reductions in his proposed $23 billion fiscal 2012 budget released Wednesday.
A warship rescued a British family yesterday after their yacht hit an iceberg off the Falklands.
The Steelers have fired special teams coordinator Bob Ligashesky following a season in which breakdowns on the kickoff coverage team contributed to the defending Super Bowl champions missing the playoffs.
A London shop has accused Peaches Geldof of stealing a dress, according to reports.
iSkin has rolled out several new cases for the iPhone 4 and fourth-generation iPod touch.
Manchester United tied visiting Aston Villa 1-1 Saturday to move within a point of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
PASADENA, Calif. Avatar director James Cameron is helping to build a high-resolution 3-D camera on the next-generation Mars rover.
Shares of EnerSys booked a new 52 week high today by trading above $38.44, traders are definitely monitoring EnerSys' price action to see if this move attracts further buying into the stock.
Marlborough-based Evergreen Solar Inc. faces delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market in six months if the company cannot increase its share price and market value, according to a disclosure filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela was released from the hospital today after receiving treatment for a recurring lung infection and pneumonia.
So Alex Anthopoulos talked to the mainstream media yesterday.
Syrian security forces killed at least 39 people in the last two days, an activist said, as regional and international pressure mounted on President Bashar al-Assad to halt a crackdown on anti-government protesters.
A senior civil administration official in the Sri Lankan government has been arrested for alleged links with the defeated Tamil Tiger rebels, police said.
Gov. Felix Camacho and other island governors sent a joint letter urging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to support quality health care for citizens in the US territories.
Cheryl Cole has announced that she has a crush on egg-head spastic Stephen Hawking and wants to marry him, much to the surprise of the mongoloid Hawking who in his now trade mark punchline of speaking in a robotic voice ``I have know idea who she is!''
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is calling on elected officials around the state to focus on respect and civility in public discourse.
A predawn fire Friday destroyed a Civil War-theme wooden chapel in Gettysburg that had been ordered closed last month because it wasn't built with proper permits.
North Korea said Friday it has no choice but to ``fully reconsider the nuclear issue'' after strongly condemning South Korea and the United States for attempting to destroy statues of its founding leader Kim Il-sung.
Everton piled the pressure on Liverpool by grinding out a 1-0 win over Reading that tightens the Toffees grip on fourth place in the Premier League.
Gold steadied on Monday after rising nearly 2 percent in the previous session to above $1,400 an ounce, with a struggling US dollar that pushed silver to its highest since early 1980 likely to spur more buying from investors.
Democrats pushed an assault weapons ban through a Senate committee on Thursday and toward its likely doom on the Senate floor, after an emotion-laden debate that underscored the deep feelings the issue stokes on both sides.
A stern anti-encroachment drive has been launched in Chiniot which the people termed as the first constructive step of Shahbaz Government in the city.
Air Cadets of Chester 610 squadron are holding a radio weekend with the help of the Chester and District Amateur Radio Society who are setting up VHF, UHF and HF stations on 19 and 20 March.
The AFL and Southern Cross Austereo are pleased to announce live music will return AFL matches in 2012.
Lady GaGa's ongoing obsession with tea and its cups has gone just that bit further today, as it is reported that she is to become the face of Twinings.
In a shocking incident, a woman was allegedly gang raped in South Delhi.
The bankruptcy law firm of Legal Helpers/Macey & Aleman is relocating their Stockton, California, office to better serve clients in that area.
AmerisourceBergen is currently trading higher by 3.08%, so definitely the buyers stepping in, as the stock's volume is on pace to break its average.
Real Madrid are negotiating with Bayern Munich midfielder Hamit Altintop according to the club's chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Big name brands are signing up with photo-sharing mobile app Instagram to help market their products or disseminate news, reports TechCrunch.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a ``larger than life'' former councillor who sadly passed away following a period of illness.
I'm sure you remember Chynna Phillips, she is a former ``Wilson Phillips'' singer.
Six people were killed and three injured in a water dispute between the Wazir and Bangash tribes in Tall tehsil of Hangu district on Tuesday.
Chief accused for the last year 26/11 Mumbai attack Hafiz Saeed is to be arrested by the Pakistani police on charges of raising funds for the banned Islamist group he heads, a senior officer said on Friday.
An early Sunday morning traffic stop by a White County sheriff's deputy led to the arrest of an Enfield man on preliminary charges of driving while under the influence of alcohol and unlawful possession of cannabis.
Toronto Raptors team president Bryan Colangelo stepped down from his position Wednesday and will become a consultant, the team announced.
Germany has agreed to sell two submarines to Egypt, Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram reported August 31.
Since 1998, Broadway actors and actresses have come together to host Broadway Barks, a star-studded adoption event that brings together animal shelters and rescue groups to find homes for homeless cats and dogs.
LONDON -American forward Eddie Johnson has been loaned from Fulham to the Greek club Aris through June.
Fourth-ranked Andy Murray has pulled out of the Barcelona Open because of an elbow injury.
Jonathan Trott and Andrew Strauss frustrated the bangladesh bowlers with their patient batting.
US Representative Howard Coble announced Friday that he will seek reelection for a 14th term.
A spice sold at Target stores, including those in Rockland County, has been voluntarily recalled because of elevated lead levels, according to the Rockland County Health Department.
An avalanche engulfed a Pakistani army battalion headquarters near the Indian border on Saturday, burying 124 soldiers and 11 civilians, with no sign of survivors 17 hours later, the military said.
Celtics guard Avery Bradley is unlikely to play in Game 6 of the Celtics-76ers series tonight in Philadelphia.
India successfully tested a supersonic cruise missile on Tuesday in a remote desert close to the Pakistan border, officials said, amid continuing tensions with its nuclear-armed rival over the November attacks in Mumbai.
On his Twitter account, Armstrong wrote, ``Cycling fans - got word early today that we can race the Tour of the Gila. Great news. Flying to Silver City, NM tonight.''
The Chindwin River has touched its fourth highest point in 40 years and is flowing above the danger level in Mawlaik, Monywa and Kalewa towns, but the water level in other cities has dropped below the danger mark.
German luxury carmaker BMW said on Monday it was recalling some 1.3 million cars worldwide -- all of its BMW 5 and 6 Series -- due to battery problems that could in extreme cases result in a fire.
The Sharjah-based Arabic daily newspaper, Al Khaleej, continues to be on top of the most-read newspapers in the UAE with 39.9 per cent, according to a report of the 4th edition of the Arab Media Outlook 2011-2015.
Fire crackers are exploding as the EDL turn their backs on Tommy and clash with police.
That's not some weird SEO-warlock style trickery, she really did do Justin Bieber.
Palisades nuclear plant near South Haven was removed from service this morning after a ``minor leak'' of cooling water was discovered in the containment building, according to a notification issued by the plant.
A Calgary swim coach is facing sex assault allegations in Nova Scotia dating from his time in that province.
Today's savings account rate deal of the day comes from Coast360 Credit Union, where members enjoy an outstanding .75% APY on basic share savings accounts.
The Lakers plan to unveil a statue of Hall of Fame center Kareem Abdul-Jabbar outside Staples Center during the 2012-13 season, The Times has learned.
Ollie's Bargain Outlet announced it will celebrate the grand opening of its store near The Home Depot in Westover.
Sharjah-based Kalimat Publishing House, the award-winning publisher of high quality Arabic children's books will be releasing 17 new titles - predominantly by Emirati authors - at the 2010 Sharjah International Book Fair, increasing the number of titles on offer from the publishing house by nearly 30% to a total of 75.
Chilo - A historic gas pump recently was restored by two local enthusiasts and placed in the Chilo Lock #34 Visitor Center and Museum.
Reality star Shayne Lamas has married a man in Las Vegas after meeting him the day before.
Illinois US Rep. Aaron Schock is the subject of an congressional ethics probe in connection with a donation he requested a powerful Houser Republican make to a super PAC during this year's primary.
AFP/FILE Former President and current All Pakistan Muslim League chief General Pervez Musharraf has said that the United States is using Pakistan as a scapegoat for its failure in Afghanistan.
Hird under huge pressure to step aside Updated: 18:37, Friday April 12, 2013 Pressure is building on James Hird from the very top of the AFL to stand down pending the supplements investigation into Essendon.
Singer Sean Kingston and a female passenger were injured in a Jet Ski accident and taken to a trauma center Sunday evening, a Florida official said.
The Kosovan parliament passed a declaration of independence at an extraordinary session on Sunday.
KINGSPORT, Tenn. - Eastman Chemical Co. has acquired a specialty polymers manufacturing plant in China.
Asia fuel oil rose for the ninth week, the longest gaining streak since May 2004, as demand for power-generation fuels increased in Japan following the March 11 earthquake.
Haile Gebrselassie has won the Dubai Marathon, but fell short of breaking his own world record on the flat and fast course on Friday.
Indian troops killed two suspected militants in occupied Kashmir as they thwarted the militants' attempt to attack a convoy of Hindu pilgrims visiting the state, police said Monday.
A magnitude-4.7 earthquake he rattled the quake-weary New Zealand city of Christchurch.
Queensland Reds and Qantas Wallabies flyhalf Quade Cooper has committed to the Reds for the next two years.
TheClymb.com, the first ever private retail community dedicated to the outdoor lifestyle, today announced it's ``Win Gear for a Year'' challenge in search of the most enthusiastic outdoor participants across the United States.
Nordstrom lowered its outlook this morning as the Seattle-based retailer reported a 9.6 percent decline in sales at stores open at least a year for a five-week period ending Saturday.
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. resigned from Congress on Wednesday, acknowledging an ongoing federal investigation and vowing to ``accept responsibility for my mistakes.''
Didier Drogba's second-half free-kick ensured Premier League champions Chelsea completed a domestic double for the first time in the club's history by beating Portsmouth 1-0 in the FA Cup final yesterday.
The US Navy has come to the rescue of distressed Iranian fishermen for the third time this month at a time of increasing tension between the two countries.
The singer's family says Wells died at her home Monday after complications from a stroke.
Ann Romney, wife of Republican nominee hopeful Mitt Romney, visited Smokejack BBQ in downtown Alpharetta for a meet and greet March 1.
Chattanooga Police continue to investigate an early morning shooting that left one man in serious condition.
PC and video games retailer Game Group said sales declines slowed in its latest trading period and named Vodafone executive Ian Shepherd as its new chief executive.
A Southwest Minneapolis woman has been charged with illegally possessing Adderall tablets and lying to police about her identity when she was arrested.
(Standard and Poor's )announced that Red Hat would join the S&P 500 as of the close of trading on Friday.
Orange-arugula crab salad bites are seen Oct. 31, 2010 in Concord, NH Purchased phyllo cups help make these impressive crab salad bites an easy to make hors d'oeuvre for your next holiday party.
ACUSHNET ― An Acushnet woman is accused of stealing Halloween decorations from a home on Westland Street, police said.
A water line break caused a mess on a Pittsburgh road and left several customers without service Friday morning.
Nip/Tuck actor Dylan Walsh has just filed for divorce from his second wife, Joanna Going.
In its silver jubilee year, Bajrang Dal has decided to induct 25 lakh youth throughout the country.
Four people are facing various charges following heroin raids in Gardiner and on Interstate 95.
Former Sen. George Mitchell says Roger Clemens may call him to testify at his upcoming trial on charges he lied about drug use.
George Jepsen, the former Senate majority leader and Democratic state chairman, is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president today.
Police are seeking witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in the Taunton area yesterday.
HSBC Holdings was upgraded to neutral from underperform at Macquarie, which said it sees scope for a short-term upward move in the stock following the completion of the bank's 12.5 billion pound rights issue.
Arlen Specter has announced that he is switching parties, and running for re-election in 2010 in the Democratic primary.
Beyonce and Jay Z are set to wed after getting a marriage licence, it has been claimed today.
The Department of Transportation issued a ban on tractor trailers until 10 am Thursday and Amtrak has suspended service from New York to Boston and from New Haven to Springfield.
A motorcyclist was killed after crashing into a car in the Garfield Ridge neighborhood this morning, Chicago police said.
Reality TV star Khloe Kardashian, who has been criticised for her fluctuating weight, says her husband makes her feel ``perfect'' and plays a big role in building her self-confidence.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, is showcasing the Thermo Scientific Gallery Plus discrete photometric analyzer, with a broad menu of industrial and environmental analytes, during Analytica 2012.
The S&P 500 has soared more than 11.4 percent in the past two weeks, with some industries rising even higher.
Barack Obama got a surprise boost in the last big state of the long Democratic campaign Friday with an endorsement from Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey Jr., while another Obama supporter sought to nudge Hillary Rodham Clinton out of the race.
The only panda born at a US zoo so far this year was placed in an incubator today for closer monitoring by zookeepers after visitors flocked to watch mother and child on a live video feed at Zoo Atlanta.
Several Carmel sporting events scheduled for today have been postponed because of rain and wet fields.
Five people are lucky to be alive following a horrific crash on the Gardiner Expressway last night.
Australian pilots on Sunday threatened legal action against embattled carrier Qantas, saying chief executive Alan Joyce's decision to lock them out while grounding the airline could be unlawful.
That's certainly true of the latest trends in home furnishings and fashion, where retro is the rage.
Morales won his first game of the season with the Sky Sox, striking out four and giving up only four hits, while Matt Murton had three RBIs and hit a home run.
Delaware State Police say they are investigating residential burglaries, but will not release other details to WBOC.
In reply to a question from one of his followers here Friday night, Baba Ramdev claimed he would have been killed had he not fled from Ramlila
SNL Financial, the premier provider of sector-focused data, news and analytics to investment bankers, investors, and industry professionals and executives, today released a new version of its online information service.
GE Transportation announced this morning it plans to recall 280 hourly production workers to its local plant.
Congrats to The View co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck and her hubby Tim Hasselback, who just welcomed a baby boy!
Three Grand Island men are behind bars Sunday night after firing gunshots at a house.
Pound-for-pound king Manny Pacquiao said he felt like a football player with the atmosphere at the Cowboys Stadium in Dallas, Texas during the press conference for his upcoming fight against Ghana's Joshua Clottey.
A NATO airstrike killed at least 27 civilians in central Afghanistan, the Cabinet said today, the third time a mistaken coalition strike has killed non-combatants since the start of a major offensive aimed at winning over the population.
A Coral Springs woman is facing abuse charges after police say she kept her teen grandson chained to his bed for years, locked him in his room and forced him to use a bucket to go to the bathroom.
Elsenham rider Ben Maher has won a gold medal as part of Team GB's showjumping team after a dramatic finale at Greenwich Park today.
Atlanta Public Schools board of education member Cecily Harsch-Kinnane will not seek reelection in 2013.
A man living close to where arsonists set fire to an electricity sub-station on Friday has said that it was a ``miracle no one was killed''.
Brazilian right back Dani Alves has just agreed to sign a contract extension with Barcelona, according to a statement on the club's official website.
The US government has reportedly worked out a deal to increase its stake in Citigroup.
Cyprus has offered to mediate between Lebanon and Israel over a maritime border dispute that is delaying some oil and gas exploration in the Mediterranean, a Cypriot official said Monday.
PFT has learned that the Steelers will sign cornerback DeMarcus Van Dyke.
PG Ryan Boatright on snapping the four-game losing streak: ``We just wanted to win. Everyone got tired of going into the locker room with sad faces and going on campus and you can't eat or sleep because you are thinking of the losses. Everybody was just tired of losing.''
Cristiano Ronaldo has insisted that he is not arrogant despite media perception claiming otherwise.
``After opening on a shaky note, the Nifty traded in the band of 5,120 and 5,093 maximum hours of yesterday`s trading session. However, a strong pull back rally was witnessed towards the afternoon session and Nifty continuously rose to make an intraday high of 5,170.40. At the end of day, it closed at 5,165.00. It had a net gain of 44.45 points or 0.87% over the previous day`s close. On the sectoral front, buying interest was witnessed in realty, banking, PSU, power and capital goods stocks. However, IT and oil & gas pack traded marginally lower,`` said Microsec Capital. ``Nifty is likely to move in the range of 5,250 and 5,040 in the short term. If it is able to maintain above 5,250, an upward rally might carry it to 5,350 and then 5,430 in the extreme short term. However, a breach of 5,040 is likely to take Nifty lower to 4,960 and then 4,880. We recommend holding long positions with stop loss of 5,040. On an intra-day basis, Nifty has a support at 5,130 and is likely to face a stiff resistance near 5,190. If Nifty breaks 5,130, it may further go down to 5,075 and then 5,040. However, if it is able to sustain above 5,190, the level of 5,220-5,250 would become the next target.`` Disclaimer: IRIS has taken due care and caution in compilation of data for its web site. Information has been obtained by IRIS from sources which it considers reliable. However, IRIS does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. IRIS especially states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to any user on account of the use of information provided on its website.
Special ``kids' pages'' are everywhere on websites today.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates will arrive Sunday to deliberate American defense cooperation with Israel.
FREDERICTON An outbreak of syphilis in New Brunswick that has seen the number of cases rise tenfold in the last three years could get worse, a provincial health official warns.
Susan G. Komen for the Cure is under growing attack from many quarters for deciding to terminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
And the delicate creation was originally developed by a Los Angeles insurance salesman.
A 27-year-old Warren man is being extradited to California to face a bank robbery charge.
Kochi, Oct 18 Kerala-based Federal Bank today unveiled ambitious plans for expanding its footprint across the country by launching 66 new branches, 38 of them outside the state.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Tibetan religious leader ``the 11th Panchen Lama'' have been nominated for a non-governmental Chinese alternative peace prize, CBSNews reported.
Muammar Gaddafi was buried early yesterday in an unmarked grave in a modest Islamic ceremony, closing the book on his nearly 42-year rule of Libya and the eight-month civil war to oust him.
Sunderland have recalled Egypt winger Ahmed Elmohamady from English second-division side Hull City, the Premier League outfit announced on Wednesday.
Jerome Taylor sent back Ravi Bopara for a brilliant 143 on the second day of the first Test against West Indies.
A Smith County grand jury handed up 34 indictments Thursday in 7th District Judge Kerry Russell's court.
LONDON A British artist is to give away 1,000 of his works by leaving them around London for anyone to find.
Brian Jonestown Massacre have announced a New York City show, set to take place on April 1.
A Navy town steeped in history, touched by glamour and blessed with ferocious natural beauty and an average daily temperature of 70.5 degrees Fahrenheit.
A wildfire burning on part of a southern New Mexico ranch owned by veteran newsman Sam Donaldson has nearly tripled in size over the past day.
Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. and TFG Radiant Group today announced they have signed a more than $275 million plus royalties long-term, multi-faceted, strategic partnership that includes investments by TFG Radiant in Ascent and a joint development agreement between TFG Radiant and Ascent to establish manufacturing facilities to be located in East Asia.
German factory orders unexpectedly rebounded in May, suggesting Europe's largest economy maintained some growth momentum into the second quarter.
RADA has launched its first ever festival to promote the work of its graduates as well as its current students.
Danny Amendola is listed as questionable and will be a game time decision.
Roger Ebert, one of the most esteemed film critics ever, has been hospitalized for hip fracture, his wife Chaz Ebert has confirmed on Twitter.
Washington, DC - infoZine - Scripps Howard Foundation Wire - A bill that would criminalize torture committed by law enforcement officials under federal law was introduced in the House of Representatives Thursday.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing his mother and hiding her body in a shed at her Winston-Salem home.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot while driving on a Los Angeles freeway by someone in another car.
Borders UK has appointed JP Hunting as its new children's book buyer.
The famous singer Asha Bhonsle has made a distance from narrow-minded sentiments involving Mumbai and Maharashtra and says that ``Hindustan belongs to all.''
Joypurhat sugar mill began its 2010-11 sugarcane plantation season through a function Thursday at Khanjonpur village in the mill area.
Jazeera Airways, a Kuwait-based budget airline, will add 10 new routes to its network from the next month as it sees the demand for low-cost carrier rising.
The International Monetary Fund has said the global economy will expand by about 4.5 per cent between 2010 and 2011, following a 0.5 per cent contraction in 2009.
Northwestern cooled off the Iowa women's basketball team Sunday, defeating the Hawkeyes, 72-66, at Welsh-Ryan Arena.
Governor Jim Gibbons signed an executive order Wednesday creating the Commission on Autism Spectrum Disorder and charged it with continuing the work of the Nevada Autism Task Force, which dissolved by statute earlier this year.
Two South Carolina men said they were robbed outside an Executive Park hotel at gunpoint early Saturday morning, according to DeKalb County police.
A Fort Knox soldier from Arizona has been killed in Afghanistan.
Yemeni women defiantly burned their traditional veils Wednesday in protest of President Ali Abdullah Saleh's brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrations.
Indian federal bond yields were largely steady on Thursday ahead of the weekly food and fuel price data at around 0530 GMT but sentiment stayed positive due to the absence of fresh debt supplies until April.
In a radio appearance Thursday and a news release sent to the media Friday, Commissioner Jeremy Oden defended the decision to hold informal hearings looking into rates charged by Mobile Gas, Alagasco and the Alabama Power Company.
FAO's Food Price Index for February has indicated that global food prices continue to soar.
India is developing a 5,000 km-range Agni ballistic missile, Defence Minister AK Antony said Friday.
A 27-year-old Helena man faces a felony charge of sexual abuse of children for allegedly viewing child pornography while working as a file clerk at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center at Fort Harrison.
Early Tuesday, Lauren Alaina, 16, lost her voice and was unable to complete rehearsals.
Grail Advisors, one of the first ETF issuers to enter the actively managed ETF arena, is planning an actively managed money market ETF that will invest in short-term fixed-income securities.
A Pakistani trade delegation of Fruit and vegetable producers and exporters is visiting Sri Lanka to explore the ways and means to enhance bilateral trade between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Las Vegas' own Molotov Solution are sad to announce that they have to call it a day.
Chase Paymentech, a leading merchant acquirer and payment processor, today announced the launch of its Safetech SM Encryption in Canada, a solution to help protect merchants and consumers from payment card fraud and data theft.
Taylor Lautner keeps it casual at the premiere of The Runaways held at the ArcLight Cinemas Cinerama Dome in Los Angeles on Thursday night.
An evening police chase in Agawam ends in a crash at the Route 57 Rotary.
A rollover accident on US Highway 50 on Orchard Mesa sent at least one person to the hospital this afternoon.
Bangalore, Sun Apr 07 2013, 03:51 hrs Narendra Modi will campaign in five districts in Karnataka ahead of Assembly elections there, Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar said Saturday amid speculation on the extent of the Gujarat Chief Minister's role in the canvassing.
School officials at North High School in Des Moines are preparing for possible flooding.
An apartment fire in southwest Atlanta left at least six families homeless Tuesday morning, firefighters said.
In an another instance which may stall reforms, a Parliament panel has rejected the government proposal to hike the FDI cap in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, saying this may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.
Washington, DC -President Bush addressed the nation on Wednesday to discuss the fifth year anniversary of the Iraq war, including the effectiveness of last year's troop surge, the high costs of US military actions, including the of some 4,000 US soldier's lives, and the importance of a continued US presence to prevent the country from becoming a safe haven for terrorists and extremism.
``IT security education within organisations is paramount if the organisation wants to stay in business, or not get fined by the Information Commissioner's Office for losing or exposing personal data,'' he said.
The St. Louis Cardinals on Thursday, July 19, reported that the club's starter Chris Carpenter has undergone successful neurogenic thoracic outlet surgery in Dallas.
Gov. Pat Quinn is asking that 60 Illinois counties be declared federal disaster areas due to February's blizzard.
Fire destroyed a Minneapolis health care clinic.
On May 19 Cisco is announcing Collaboration in Motion to bring together the power of collaboration with the ubiquity and performance of the Cisco Unified Wireless Network.
Apparently under depression, a college student allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself here.
In Downey, four bronze grave markers and numerous military plaques were stolen from the Downey Cemetery at Lakewood Boulevard and Gardendale Street around 7:30 am, said Sgt. Brian Baker, a spokesman with the Downey Police Department.
Dora has weakened to a tropical storm from a Category 1 hurricane as it moves northwest in the Pacific off Mexico.
Authorities have seized drugs, guns and more than $100,000 in Dixon County, Neb., Sheriff Dean Chase said Tuesday.
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters faces a voter backlash in Tauranga that could prove terminal unless his party squeaks across the 5% threshold and he can return to Parliament through the party vote.
Grammy-winning disco legend Donna Summer, who topped the charts repeatedly in the 1970s and 80s with raunchy hits like Love to Love You Baby and Hot Stuff, died Thursday aged 63.
Guy Richie has said in an interview with Esquire Magazine that he is still in love with Madonna but he has also said that she is retarded.
Two Trumbull County roads will be closed for crosspipe replacements next week in Johnston and Vernon townships.
A Ukrainian family got quite a shock when a ferret crawled out the toilet in their family home on Tuesday.
A former school employee pleaded guilty in Rockingham County District Court on Thursday to taking money from the district's day-care program.
Lady Gaga demanded lambs and hundreds of butterflies on stage for her performance on 'The X Factor'.
A Christian health care plan where members pay for each others bill is gaining popularity.
All bad parents face losing control of their welfare payments, under new measures being considered by the Federal Government.
Supermarket chain Woolworths has unveiled a virtual supermarket in Sydney which allows customers to buy groceries with their mobile phone, reports The Australian.
Park City, UT, January 18, 2008 --- ``What is your film's carbon footprint?'' is this year's key initiative at Project GreenHouse presented by Lexus Hybrid Living at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
Bob Dylan will be the subject of an academic conference to be held at the UK's University of Bristol this summer.
Jejudo, Korea's southern resort island, plans to lower travel costs significantly to attract more foreign tourists during the Beijing Olympics.
Researchers at the University of California say low doses of a commonly-used anesthetic could prevent the formation of painful memories.
Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz chief Nawaz Sharif said on Tuesday undemocratic attitudes and disrespect for democracy led to fall of Dhaka.
Sunderland boss Steve Bruce has said that greedy players are killing football.
Visibly hurt by the comments that by continuing to play for India he is blocking the chances of youngsters, a disappointed Laxman is now contemplating retirement from cricket and is expected to make a formal announcement either tomorrow or the day after.
Caterpillar announced more layoffs today at its Lafayette facility and at a facility in Griffin, Georgia.
Ball State's gymnastics team suffered a loss to Pitt at Worthen Arena.
Positron Corporation, a leading molecular imaging company specializing in the field of nuclear cardiology, commented on the new medical radiation bill passed into law in California.
Mobile chipset maker company Qualcomm is in talks with vendors and Original Equipment Manufacturers to launch Smartphones in the country at a price tag of Rs 10,000 by next year.
Elementary school starting age for students is redesigned; the children of 66 months of age will start to school by September 30th.
Dick Clark, former host of American Bandstand and longtime New Year's Eve fixture, has died of a heart attack, according to his family.
At the other end of the spectrum, we have teachers who should be labeled as ``career creators.''
It is now the 3rd gold is testing the channel support seen in the 4H chart.
How is taxing gasoline, my utility bill, natural gas and my phone bill helping create jobs?
Toni Braxton, pop singer and diva, is considering posing for Playboy.
Jesse James and Kat Von D are engaged.
Government schools in Haryana will have management committees for their overall development and proper implementation, monitoring and supervision of the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan, the state government announced on Monday.
Well, this certainly comes as no surprise as rumors have been swirling for weeks and now it's official, Britney Spears and Jason Trawick have split up, ending their one-year engagement, but at least we'll always have Criminal!
After days of anxiety over the , the twin cities of Ayodhya and today put behind fears of any adverse fallout and all sections of people rooted for peace but there is no let up in security.
Automobile manufacturer Mahindra & Mahindra has unveiled its new sports utility vehicle QUANTO in Mumbai, India.
But for his latest book project he is trying out fiction--religious fiction I suppose you could say, since Chopra has chosen to fictionalize Muhammad's life.
Nominations are being accepted for the 2008 Delta Democrat Times' Jake Stein Community Service Award for outstanding civic and community involvement.
Southwest Airlines is changing its schedule May 10, adding flights from Fort Lauderdale, including one new daily nonstop flight between Fort Lauderdale and Austin, Tex.
A Bekan man who gave a false name after he was detected driving using illegal diesel was fined a total of €5,000 in Ballyhaunis District Court this week.
Midday has won the $2 million Filly & Mare Turf, snapping a six-race winless streak in the Breeders' Cup by veteran European trainer Henry Cecil.
THE Dance with EMAFU three-day workshop started yesterday and will run until tomorrow at Crystal Guest House in Manzini.
A Turkish appeals court on Thursday ordered a third retrial for 21 leftist militants on charges of attempting to overthrow the state nearly three decades.
Paraguay will face Guatemala in a friendly on Aug. 15 in Washington, the Paraguay Football Association announced on Thursday.
Sebastian Vettel said he was in total control as he claimed victory at the Singapore Grand Prix on Sunday under the lights despite Jenson Button cutting his lead to less than two seconds.
For some time, many industry insiders have anticipated that someday Zynga would launch its own game platform.
A man charged with obtaining financial advantage by deception and personating public officers has been given a suspended sentence by the Suva Magistrates court today.
Former India coach Greg Chappell has ignited a fresh controversy in his newly-released book on Rahul Dravid, reports ESPNstar.
Jockey Rafael Bejarano has undergone surgery and is doing well in the hospital a day after he sustained serious facial injuries in a spill at Del Mar. His agent Joe Ferrer says Thursday that Bejarano is beginning to heal and is expected to leave the hospital on Friday.
A man is behind bars after Sheriff's Deputies in Preston County say he led them on a chase Tuesday night.
Richard Holbrooke, the US Special Representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan called on President Asif Ali Zardari at the Aiwan-e-Sadr on Tuesday.
Anchorage police say a man was stabbed in a mall parking lot on the east side of the city.
Real Salt Lake has signed defender/midfielder Lovel Palmer, nearly three weeks after selecting him in the first round of Stage 2 of the MLS Re-Entry Draft.
Three men will vie for the mayor seat and three men will vie for two city council seats in the upcoming November election.
The Community College of Baltimore County is going to offer a free dental treatments program for children between ages 6 to 18.
Two Fatah al-Islam militants who were accused of targeting the Lebanese Army as well as allegedly taking up arms against the Syrian regime were recently killed in Syria, security sources said Monday.
Online retailer Amazon.com says 2008 holiday season was 'best ever,' saying Friday that it saw a 17 percent increase in orders on its busiest day, a rare piece of good news in a season that has been far from merry for most retailers, including online businesses.
A Laurel woman is in stable condition after being shot in the face by an acquaintance outside her home on Jan. 14 in an apparent attempted murder-suicide.
Police have released the name of a man killed Monday in a single car crash east of Halifax.
The Louisville Water Company has received a civil engineering award for its Riverbank Filtration Tunnel and Pump Station.
Terror struck Delhi when a powerful bomb blast ripped through a crowded reception area at the entrance to the High Court on Wednesday morning killing atleast 11 people and injuring over 60.
Nepal on Thursday voted in a historic Constituent Assembly election without any major incident of violence.
USA TODAY presented the first USA TODAY Road Warrior of the Year award to frequent business traveler Joyce Gioia at this year's annual Freddie Awards, which honor the world's leading travel loyalty programs.
A police chase along US Route 40, which started in Franklin County, ended in Madison County when the driver lost control of his pick-up truck at approximately 3 pm Tuesday in Summerford.
Dynegy said that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved its plan to be acquired by Blackstone Group and sell four gas-fueled plants to NRG Energy, according to a WSJ report.
THREE little brothers did their hero dad proud today as they collected a medal in his memory.
The man who was killed in an accident on I-75 on Sunday had just gotten married Saturday, according to the Madison County Coroner.
Superstar Ronan Keating, who is being brought to Malta by NnG Promotions for a live concert on Saturday at the MFCC in Ta' Qali, is looking forward to his first visit in Malta and to visiting the fortified cities.
The HST will cost BC schools $24 million next year for everything from buses, paper and cleaning supplies to soccer balls, says a group of school treasurers.
Queensland fast bowler Ben Laughlin, who has taken 20 wickets at an average of 15.85 to guide his team to the Ford Ranger Cup final, has been called into the Australian squad for the Twenty20 and one-day clashes with South Africa.
Ballet star Sergei Polunin walks out of 2nd show One of the ballet world's brightest but most volatile stars has vanished, again.
Azamgarh, Nov 8 An FIR was registered against 28 persons including 26 women for allegedly taking pension meant for widows, police said.
By Staff Writer FOX2now.com Gold prices soaring to a record high as people look for a way to secure their money and investments.
The third annual Music on the Mountaintop opened Friday under cloudy skies in Boone, with performances by local favorites like Now You See Them, Uncle Mountain, Josh Phillips Folk Festival, Holy Ghost Tent Revival and more.
Actor Wesley Snipes was released from Federal prison in Pennsylvania on Tuesday.
Fatah has nominated incumbent Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to head the interim Palestinian government, a party official told CNN.
A new pipeline welding center was officially opened in Scotland on Wednesday, aiming to develop subsea pipeline technologies for the world's oil and gas markets, APA reports quoting Xinhua.
Andatee China Marine Fuel Services Corporation, the leading independent operator engaged in the production, storage, distribution, wholesale purchase and sale of blended marine fuel oil for cargo and fishing vessels in Northern China , today announced that the underwriters of its recent public offering of common stock have exercised their over-allotment option, which will result in the issuance of an additional 470,238 ordinary shares.
Two weeks ago when publisher Dave Sykes interviewed me for the summer reporter position, I couldn't believe that I could actually be hired to do my dream job.
Reports suggest that actor Rob Lowe may be #winning talks to replace Charlie Sheen on the hit comedy ``Two and a Half Men.''
Shropshire Council is facing a six-figure bill after losing an employment tribunal over a redundancy payout.
German bank Commerzbank said Tuesday it has opened a representative office in the Angolan capital of Luanda as part of its strategy to tap into growth opportunities in Africa.
The Orioles claimed Steve Pearce off waivers Saturday from their division rival Yankees.
``If you're homeless and unable to find stability, it actually makes a more high-risk situation.''
An armoured Syrian force surrounded a town north of Homs on Monday after the defection of tens of soldiers from the area, activists and residents said, in the latest operation to counter dissent within the military during a five month uprising.
European officials piled pressure on Greece Saturday to stand by its fiscal commitments or face leaving the euro zone, as political turmoil in the country has cast doubt on whether it will abide by the terms of its latest €130 billion bailout.
The Swiss and UK governments have reached a dual taxation agreement which will permit an exchange of information on tax matters in individual cases where a specific and justified request has been made, the Swiss Federal Department of Finance said Thursday.
Electronic components distributor Premier Farnell saw profits slide in the fourth quarter as sales dropped by 8%.
Why am I glad Spain got creamed by the Swiss?
Australian foreign minister Bob Carr says an early withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan would damage the country's reputation.
Goal line technology could be used in the Premier League for the 2012-13 season according to the FA.
Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs is host a job summit for the eastern part of the county today.
A police cruiser crashes into a high school in Thomasville.
Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon unveiled a brand new Blur song during a short gig in London last night.
Lynchburg Airport officials have appealed the decision to close the control tower next month.
Senior Nationalist Congress Party leaders led by party chief Sharad Pawar on Monday met Pranab Mukherjee, a day after he was elected as India's 13th President.
NORTH KOREA threatened to conduct nuclear and missile tests unless the UN apologises for criticising its April 5 rocket launch, dramatically raising its stake in the worsening standoff over its atomic programmes.
Katie Price, glamor model who has been dating a cross dresser, is begging her ex, Peter Andre, who she has three children with, to give her a second chance.
Onboard Air India One, May 31 President Pratibha Patil Monday said there is ``enough space in the world for India and China to grow together'' and their relationship has ``a global dimension.''
Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf has said he will return to Pakistan soon to join national politics.
Employment in South Africa is expected to remain weak until 2010 with the employment environment having become more negative in Q1 this year according to recruitment and market research firm Adcorp Holdings.
CSC announced on Thursday that it has been positioned in the 'leaders' quadrant of the Gartner report, Magic Quadrant for Communications Outsourcing and Professional Services, North America.
The world champion Black Ferns drew 8-8 with England this morning in Esher, Surrey, losing the Test series 2-0.
A city committee has voted in favour of a tougher anti-smoking bylaw that would ban lighting up in any park, playground, spray park, swimming pool or sports field -- 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
New Delhi, September 24 Graziano Transmissioni, the Italian auto-parts manufacturer whose India head LK Choudhary was allegedly lynched by dismissed workers on Monday, is ``yet to decide'' on the future course of action in the country.
Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll has been ruled out of the 2012 RBS 6 Nations with a shoulder injury but the 32-year-old has played down fears of retirement.
A Heinz ad that was aired on British television had to be withdrawn by the company because of the protests of some people who found the content of the ad to be offensive.
MedCath, a hospital operator based in Charlotte, NC, filed paperwork to dissolve, according to a Charlotte Observer report.
``It's time for you to die!'' screamed Rabia Sarwar as she pounced on hubby Sheikh Naseem, sources said.
Illinois was the second state in the country to pass legislation barring employers from seeking certain social media account information.
Sinopec Engineering Group has opened books for its $2.6bn IPO, attracting corporate cornerstone demand and adding BoC International to its list of bookrunners.
Aerosmith canceled a show in Indonesia after authorities there said they had foiled a bomb plot targeting the Myanmar Embassy.
By AYA BATRAWY Israel cleared out its embassy building in Egypt before sunrise Wednesday, six months after its offices were attacked and ransacked by protesters, according to Egyptian airport officials.
At a White Rock committee of the whole meeting Monday night, the chamber's request for more money was deferred.
The flash flood warning will continue in the Lehigh Valley until about noon and water in poor drainage areas have already caused some problems this morning.
On February 4, 2008, the Board of Directors of Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. declared from net investment income a monthly cash dividend of $.0385 per share of common stock, payable on March 31, 2008 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 2008.
MOST mines are failing to attract skilled manpower due to poor infrastructure and social services, as most of them are located in remote rural areas, a mining executive has said.
The palm oil and soyabean oil imports into the country during the first seven months of the current fiscal year witnessed negative growth of 17.42 percent and 71.43 percent respectively as compared to the imports of the corresponding period of last year.
A Kirkland woman accused of having sex with an adult son she had given up for adoption as a baby has been charged with incest.
A new study has found that there is a 95% chance that human activity is to blame for global warming, and only 5% that the climate change is due to natural factors.
Local political volunteers spent their Saturday afternoon getting ready for the upcoming South Carolina Presidential primaries.
The Knights of Columbus will again host their annual free throw contest, Sunday, Jan. 10, at noon in the Holy Rosary Gymnasium.
Kris Allen, winner of US TV's top-rated singing contest ``American Idol,'' has signed a record deal with producer 19 Recordings, and his debut album is expected to be released this coming fall through Jive Records.
MALIBU, Calif. The son of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been found dead of a possible drug overdose in Malibu.
Queens Of The Stone Age continue their apocalyptic video series to preview their upcoming album, ...
Kremikovtzi workers announced they will protest on January 23 from 8.00am in front of the central management office of the company.
LAWYERS of the Lahore Bar Association on Friday observed strike to condemn the restoration of the NATO supplies by Pakistani government, suggesting that this issue should be resolved through a national referendum.
UFC ring hottie Arianny Celeste was arrested on domestic violence charges Saturday in her hometown of Las Vegas.
Two Cape Girardeau brothers were charged Friday with a hate crime for allegedly assaulting a black man at a convenience store on North Kingshighway late Thursday.
Police have seized 20 elephant tusks and arrested a police captain for smuggling the illegal cargo into Thailand, anti-animal trafficking sources revealed Sunday.
MAJOR Asian dry bulk owners and operators have warned that the worst is yet to come for the market as an onslaught of newbuildings enter the fleet, outstripping demand.
Maerupu, starring Ram Charan Tej and directed by Bangaram director Dharani, will shoot at Chennai this June.
A family is celebrating a miracle after Rita Chretien was found after 49 days in the wilderness.
A third of adults online are now using the Web for ``quick conversations,'' posting updates on sites like Facebook and Twitter at least once a week.
Envysion®, Inc., the leading Managed Video as a Service provider, today announced that By the Rockies, LLC has selected Envysion as its exclusive video provider and is deploying the company's Envysion Insight solution.
A few snow flurries moved into metro Denver toward the end of the morning rush hour Tuesday.
Kenyan police have arrested 63 illegal immigrants in the eastern port city of Mombasa, Kenya's Immigration Department said Tuesday.
About 1,000 Icelanders took to the streets to demonstrate against their government's handling of the banking crisis.
Yandex today announced that it has launched a web portal in Turkey.
Wimbledon-style ticket recycling could be used to fill empty seats at the London Olympics, music promoter Harvey Goldsmith has said.
Hindi and South film star Meghana Naidu is making her debut in Marathi films with Gajendra Bandivadekar's forthcoming Karun Tak Golmaal.
Russian celebrity spy, Anna Chapman, recently posed for Maxim Russia magazine.
A black Harvard scholar said Sunday he has been able to joke about his arrest by a white police officer that led to a national debate on race, but he also has received death threats and bomb threats.
A 35-year-old Oakville man pleaded guilty Thursday to embezzling money from his former employer, US Attorney Richard Callahan said.
England will not come here to play a friendly with Thailand next year, as had been reported, Football Association of Thailand president Worawi Makudi said yesterday.
DuCool reportedly has introduced new dehumidification and cooling solutions that have the ability to dramatically improve energy efficiency of cogeneration systems.
Belgium has sworn in a new government after a record-breaking 18 months of political deadlock.
Gold prices slipped in trading today on technical selling.
``I am isolated from the events held in connection with Karabakh, refugees and internally displaced persons. I do not understand its reason,'' parliamentarian Elman Mammadov said, APA reports.
Thirty years after he first enjoyed a gondola ride in Venice, Amitabh Bachchan relived the experience this Friday in Macau.
Mumbai, Dec 17 Indian equities markets turned negative during the afternoon trade after touching an intra-day high of 10,073.1 points.
A motorist was critically injured early Saturday when the pickup truck he was driving left an Interstate 80 exit ramp and crashed into three cars in a motel parking lot.
About 220 Ohio prison inmates are getting new parole hearings following a court ruling early this year, and it's causing angst among crime victims who worry their attackers may win early releases.
Homebuilders asked Gov. Charlie Crist to veto a $190 million cut in state affordable-housing funds Thursday, saying that ``housing will lead us out of this economic crisis'' that forced Florida legislators to plug a $2.3 billion revenue hole during their just-concluded special session.
Los Angeles - Placido Domingo has returned to work following his cancer surgery three weeks ago, the Los Angeles Times reported Friday.
Playhaven, the real-time mobile game marketing platform launched in May, 2010, announced it has expanded to the Android platform and added other new features.
DEATH row Bali bomber Amrozi remarried his ex-wife by proxy today after authorities refused permission for a wedding.
The intersection of Pershing Street and Robberson Avenue will be closed at 7 am Monday for utility relocation, according to the city.
Walt Disney is launching free iPhone and iPod touch applications, giving fans access to Disney content and interactive features.
Japan's Women Olympics team succumbed to a 4-1 defeat at the hands of arch-rival United States in the Tri-nation International Friendly Tournament held at Halmstad, Sweden.
A downtown building purchased by the city in August could serve as a temporary site for a planned railroad museum, Cleburne City Manager Chester Nolen suggested Tuesday.
Microsoft plans to unveil a new line of cellphones next week with social-networking capabilities aimed at young consumers, The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been admitted to hospital following a recent bout of flu, officials said Tuesday.
As he embarks on a visit to the US to participate in the G-20 Summit of major economies, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said India needs to be engaged in management of the world economy as it has a lot at stake and a lot to contribute.
The Pope will this week launch a new web portal making it easier to access all Vatican news online.
The City of Duluth Workforce Development office reports that during the period of July 2009 to July 2010, its employment programs generated over $1 million to boost the Duluth economy and helped over 400 people gain critical skills to move towards permanent employment.
Toronto, Canada-based Arc Productions has been tapped to animate Matt Hatter Chronicles, a 3D animated series produced by Platinum Films and Dream Mill.
CESC Fabregas would be willing to take a massive paycut to join Barcelona, according to reports today.
A shotgun was either intentionally fired or accidentally discharged at Pasila railway station in northern Helsinki at about 5pm on Thursday.
Girl Scouts cookie sales have been crumbling in the recession.
Amy Winehouse is reportedly dating a mystery man and keeping it under wraps.
Cilla Black will present Loose Women on ITV this Friday and earlier the same day, Peter Andre and Kate Thornton will take over the This Morning reins for a few hours.
A Rasmussen poll released today shows republican challenger Ron Johnson with a 53 to 46 percent lead over democratic incumbent Russ Feingold.
The 20-year-old Spain international is a rumoured target for a number of top clubs across the continent, but Capel insists he is focused on making his mark at Sevilla after recent injury problems.
Logitech profit rises a less than forecast 15%, helped by Asian sales;
Socialite Paris Hilton spent her birthday in hospital with her boyfriend after he was injured in a skiing accident.
Chemical company Orica could end up in court ``deeply concerning'' incidents, the NSW environmental regulator says.
Thief, adulterer faces public torture Iran officials amputate man's finger in public Comes after public hanging in Tehran Park THIS man was blindfolded and led to a public platform, before officials used a machine to amputate his finger.
Economic growth in Canada slowed in January after a sharp jump in December as strength in manufacturing and financial services was offset by a decline in natural gas extraction.
RUGBY is in a prime position to grow and prosper over the next decade as long as it builds on its strengths.
Sorry ladies, but it seems that Niall Horan just doesn't have time for a girlfriend.
Photo by WENN A Michael Jackson manslaughter hearing has been postponed by a California judge so that lawyers can have more time to investigate footage that was taken from the late singer's rehearsal before his sudden death in June 2009.
Prince Harry and Chelsy Davy have reunited and split up several times during their on-off relationship over the years, and word is the former couple are currently in an 'on' phase.
CITY bar associations on Monday hoisted black flags on the call of the National Lawyers' Coordination Council.
Residents rallied on Pittsburgh's North Side on Saturday to urge youth to avoid violence.
Catholic school teachers voted Tuesday to go on strike during the pope's visit later this month.
The Atiwa District in the eastern Region has launched anti-bushfire campaign to sensitize inhabitants on the dangers and effects of bushfires.
Pittsburgh police say they will be stepping up DUI patrols across the city this weekend.
TMZ is reporting that former UFC fighter Kimo Leopoldo was arrested this afternoon in Tustin after police discovered a ``small amount of what is believed to be meth'' in his car.
A car, which crashed in a quiet St Albans street, could have hit children out playing had the incident happened 24 hours earlier.
The St. Paul area will be awash in new residential water meters over the next two-plus years as part of an $18 million project.
Gov. Chet Culver says he's extending all disaster proclamations until Aug. 22, which means Iowans affected by flooding and severe weather will have more time to get assistance as they clean up and begin to rebuild.
Rolling Stone reports that Bruce Springsteen will campaign for President Barack Obama for two different rallies on October 18 in Parma, Ohio and in Ames, Iowa on the same day.
New Jersey Bail set at $1m in store stabbing Bail was set at $1 million for a New Jersey man accused of stabbing a stranger about a dozen times as she pushed her 5-month-old baby in a stroller at a Bed Bath & Beyond store.
An education expert who was a supervisory instructor for Harvard University will speak Saturday at an education event in Richland.
Mike ``The Situation'' Sorrentino has sparked rumours that he plans to leave MTV reality series Jersey Shore in the near future.
JERSEY needs a foreign minister to represent it abroad, former Chief Minister Frank Walker has told a meeting of business leaders.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that Pakistan stands committed towards women's emancipation through ensuring their legal, economic, political and social empowerment.
President Barack Obama returned to the basketball court Sunday, two days after suffering a split lip that required 12 stitches in a bruising encounter during a rousing game of hoops.
A section of 6 Mile Road between I-275 and Newburgh in Livonia is closed tonight as police investigate a serious-injury accident.
French consumer spending fell sharply in April as vehicle purchases sank and mild weather reduced energy consumption, national statistics agency Insee said Tuesday.
Chad Dawson retained his WBC light-heavyweight title with a unanimous points decision over Glen Johnson on Saturday.
The Rajasthan government on 27 June 2013 launched a unique scheme called Mukhyamantri Bijli Bachat Lamp Yojna for energy conservation.
Woodward Inc. reported a 12 percent increase in net sales for its first quarter, with the energy division outpacing the aerospace division.
Businessman Asil Nadir flew back to Britain on Thursday, 17 years after he fled while awaiting trial on fraud charges stemming from the collapse of his Polly Peck business empire.
Ryan Zimmerman was 0 for 3 with two walks and his hitting streak ended at 30 games but Shairon Martis lifted the Nationals.
Susan Boyle claims she has been visited by her late mother.
Scientists are reporting development and successful lab tests of ``killer paper,'' a material intended for use as a new food packaging material that helps preserve foods by fighting the bacteria that cause spoilage.
``There will not be an apology,'' Mrs. Dariano told the camera crew outside the school.
``You couldn't get life preservers,'' heartsick Joan Treanor, 74, recalled of the panic that ensued as she and the other passengers were tossed into Long Island Sound.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says the current financial challenges facing the country will persist for a number of months, but he said the economy will rebound.
Billy Crystal replaced Eddie Murphy as the Oscar host, for the forthcoming Academy Awards 2012 next February.
The euro was rangebound against the dollar in Asia on Tuesday as trading lacked any clear direction, with risk appetite suppressed by eurozone and US debt concerns .
A fifth Democrat has jumped into the race for the North Bay congressional seat held by retiring Rep. Lynn Woolsey, D-Petaluma.
Former Alabama Lt. Gov. George McMillan has been acquitted on bad check charges.
Pakistan Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir held a 35-minute courtesy meeting with Indian External Affairs Minister SM Krishna here on Friday.
Google has invested in HomeAway, the vacation rental site that has already raised nearly half a billion dollars in venture capital.
Keith Vaz, the committee's chairman, said the backlog, which will take years to clear, was unacceptable, adding that the agency seems to have ``acquired its own Bermuda triangle''.
Al Hilal, the first Islamic Bank in Kazakhstan, is ready to invest USD 1 bln in Kazakhstan economy, Chairman of Al Hilal Bank Kazakhstan Prasad Abraham has announced it at the press conference in Astana today.
In their quest to explore the origin of life, Indian Scientists have discovered three new species of bacteria which are not found on Earth.
About halfway into his fifteen minute televised address on Monday evening, it occurred to me that Obama is literally boring Americans to death.
``I welcome the growing consensus in the United States and Iraq for a timeline,'' Obama said, citing ``the peril and the promise of this moment.''
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been arrested in London on suspicion of rape on an arrest warrant issued by Swedish authorities, British police said.
Khaleej Times) The liquidity conditions in the banking system have improved but banks will resume lending only when they are comfortable with overall economic environment, said Sultan bin Nasser Al Suwaidi, the Governor of the Central Bank of the UAE.
``I thought he did a good job--he almost sounded like a Republican,'' freshmen Rep. Raul Labrador, said minutes after exiting the House floor.
Ultima creator Richard Garriott is suing former employer NCSoft for around $27 million, alleging he lost stock options when the Tabula Rasa publisher mischaracterised the circumstances of his depature, GamePolitics reports.
Upmarket French leisure group Club Med said Thursday it will open a Club Med ski village in China, its first venture into the huge and booming Chinese leisure market, in November.
An unknown chemical was leaking from a railroad car in Wilmington today, and fire crews were working to contain the spill.
Indian stocks are likely to open marginally higher on positive global cues.
World-record holder Paula Radcliffe will defend her title at the New York City Marathon next month.
In response to the increasing demand for materials that are both light weight and able to withstand high levels of stress, Ticona has added continuous fibre reinforced thermoplastic composites to its Celstran product portfolio.
Alexander Haig I am in charge and other famous quotes help us honor the former Secretary of State on the day of his death.
The directorate general of hydrocarbon, today said that shale gas exploration acreages in the country will be available from next year.
Eastplats recorded a net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of $3,448,000 compared to $317,000 in the second quarter of 2009.
An Afghan policeman opened fire on British soldiers in the volatile southern province of Helmand, killing five, British and Afghan authorities said Wednesday, raising concerns about discipline within the Afghan forces and possible infiltration by insurgents.
By Simon Mail '' Ernst Joubert has warned his team-mates Saracens will find life tougher this year after coming within minutes of the Premiership crown.
Best Buy Europe, the joint venture between Carphone Warehouse and US electrical group Best Buy, is to sell its Belgian retail business.
Russia Friday called the coming Geneva talks on Syria a ``positive step'' despite fears that the meeting might not go ahead because of disagreements and Moscow's anger at the absence of Iran.
A Glenamaddy property developer has been declared bankrupt in the UK according to recently released insolvency papers.
Two senior NSW police officers and an AFP officer have been suspended after alleged positive drug tests.
the state Senate vote 18-15 this afternoon to pass an open records bill that contained what is called a rebuttable presumption of openness.
Police has arrested two Maoists and recovered the skeletal remains of three persons from the Maoists hot bed Jhargram in West Bengal.
Lewis Hamilton aims to take advantage of a ``fresh start'' as the European leg of the F1 season kicks off in Spain next weekend.
Surrey Police are offering residents the chance to win an Apple iPad in return for their views on their website which is currently being rebuilt.
Amy Winehouse is reportedly checking into an Israeli rehab center in a continued attempt to kick her drug habit.
Wholesale sales rose for the second straight month in April, largely on increased demand for personal and household goods and machinery and electronic equipment.
Premier Morgan Tsvangirai said he will soon meet with other principals over the awarding of broadcasting licences to 2 players aligned to Zanu-PF.
The Delhi high court today came down heavily on striking Air India pilots for defying its order to resume work as the national carrier management moved the court seeking contempt proceedings against the pilots.
Gazprom, the world's largest natural gas producer, said Friday it hoped to sign key deals in Azerbaijan next week, raising the possibility that Russia will secure Azeri gas to feed pipelines to Europe.
Ricky Hatton made weight right on the limit for Saturday's junior-welterweight fight with American Paulie Malignaggi at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has warned corrupt Zanu-PF officials who plundered resources in recent years.
Two experienced skydivers were killed Saturday when their plane crashed just west of Mount Vernon.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has issued new accounting guidance on income from electronic health records meaningful use incentive payments, according to a Health Data Management report.
China and other faster growing developing nations may lure more funds away from advanced economies for the next two decades, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Two men were shot, one fatally, in a City Heights alley Thursday afternoon, and San Diego police were looking for two men who fled in a dark-colored pickup.
A delivery man allegedly forced his girlfriend to dig her own grave in a remote German forest and then buried her alive because she threatened to leave him.
Qatar Airways said it is replacing the speed sensors on its Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft, but it has emphasized that the move was part of a maintenance programme to upgrade the sensors and not based on a directive from the manufacturer.
Actress Jennifer Grey won television's ``Dancing With the Stars'' contest on Tuesday, while Bristol Palin, whose survival on the show sparked nationwide controversy, finished in third place.
Harry Redknapp has revealed Tottenham Hotspur have yet to agree a fee for Peter Crouch.
Actor Hayden Panettiere has revealed that she was a 'wild' student in school.
State police are investigating a hit and run that occurred Friday in Shrewsbury Township, according to a new release.
State Sen. Gilbert Cedillo announced last week that he will run for the seat in the 45th Assembly District, which includes Chinatown and other northern portions of Downtown, in the November election.
Eclipsys Corporation, The Outcomes Company®, announced that The Methodist Hospital of Houston, TX, has selected Eclipsys HealthXchange™ to support it in connecting its local care community.
More rat poison expected on Oz beaches Updated: 01:37, Saturday January 5, 2013 Police say a canister of rat poison found on a NSW beach is one of a batch that has been washing up on the Queensland coast since February last year.
After more than 30 years of spaceflight and 130 missions, NASA's space shuttle fleet will head to institutions across the country for retirement.
A Tucson family has been displaced by a house fire.
Security guard of Nepal Bank Limited, Ilam has been found dead here on Monday morning.
The bobcat that attacked a woman Monday tested positive for rabies, said Richard Ziegler, director of Leon County's Animal Control.
Pakistani Muslims threatened protests and anarchy if the government pardons a Christian mother sentenced to death for blasphemy, calling hundreds of demonstrators onto the streets yesterday.
The president of Acciona Energy, Carmen Becerril, and the CEO of Navantia, Luis Cacho, signed a co-operation agreement in the field of offshore wind power.
Tsvangirai ``likes being arrested'', claimed Mnangagwa, allegedly because this is way of grabbing the world's attention.
When they refused, she decided to sue Apple into helping her, according to The Sun. As The Next Web points out, the Sun's article is brief and the backstory -- was Allen's initial request for help refused by Apple? is dubious.
A motorcyclist was killed in an accident Monday night in Jericho when he was thrown from his bike, struck by a passing car and then dragged 100 feet, police said.
Kenny Dalglish admitted he was disappointed by Liverpool's surprise 3-0 defeat at Hull City on Saturday.
US demand for coated fabrics is expected to grow 2.1 percent per annum, reaching 655 million square yards in 2012.
A foetus was found on a pavement in Vereeniging west of Johannesburg, paramedics said on Monday.
The USS Ronald Reagan is deploying Wednesday, and San Diego will be without aircraft carriers for about a week, the Navy said today.
Independent MP Peter Slipper has been formally charged with fraud, but the court case will drag-on until after the federal election.
A dispute between neighbors over a pile of dirt ended Tuesday with charges against a city man who allegedly brandished a knife.
A Former KFAN radio host faces jail time after failing to finish two substance abuse programs and testing positive for cocaine.Forty-one-year-old Jeff Dubay of Plymouth will be sentenced July 21 for felony fifth-degree drug possession.Sentencing guidelines call for a year in jail.Since being fired from the station in October, Dubay has failed two rehab programs, tested positive for cocaine 12 times, and failed to appear for testing 11 times since January.
Thai and Cambodian troops clashed for a fourth straight day Monday over a disputed border area surrounding a 900-year-old Hindu temple as Cambodia urged the UN Security Council to intervene.
A benefit fundraiser is planned for Feb. 13 to help the family of Ray Smith of Owosso.
General Electric Co. posted its first quarterly profit gain since late 2007, helped by cost cuts and improvements at its beleaguered financing business.
Four aging bridges on Route 44 in northwestern Lycoming County will be addressed soon under a contract that includes two bridge replacements and two bridge rehabilitations between Route 414 and Haneyville.
Labor has warned Australians against making a protest vote at the next election as Tony Abbott clings to underdog status.
Seamless and GrubHub might join forces, according to sources close to TechCrunch.
``The Congress was hobnobbing with the ULFA and it was a known fact to all,'' Swaraj said here.
WikiLeaks suspect, Bradley Manning declined to enter a plea at his arraignment Thursday on charges of turning over a massive cache of classified US documents to the secret-spilling site, reports AFP.
Chinese celebrity hurdler Liu Xiang said on state television that he feels sorry for his injury-forced withdrawal from the Olympic Games and vowed he will come back.
UK rocker Peter Doherty was arrested again just after he left court for a drink-driving offence.
New Delhi, Dec 3 Temperatures dipped at many places in Punjab and Haryana today with Rohtak being the coldest at 5.2 degree celsius.
Lisa Lillien, the woman behind the Hungry Girl brand, is coming to Boca Raton on Saturday.
A massive search ended on Sunday after 13 possible cult members were found praying in a park near Los Angeles, authorities announced.
Panera Bread Co. is asking customers at a new restaurant to pay what they want.
Fashion designer Stella McCartney has donated a signed sketch to a charity art auction, which will benefit children with special needs.
A prominent Russian federal judge was shot dead as he left his Moscow appartment to go to work on Monday morning.
Aircraft manufacturer Boeing eclipsed European rival Airbus in net orders this year to the end November, when the US giant had received 484 against 388 for Airbus, data showed Thursday.
Penguins players probably weren't surprised that the NHL on Monday did not suspend Vancouver winger Raffi Torres, whose hit Sunday night on Chicago defenseman Brent Seabrook again sparked debate within the hockey world about headshots and blindside hits.
Japan wants Greece to remain in the eurozone, Finance Minister Jun Azumi said Friday, as European leaders seemed to have fallen short of addressing market concerns over the sovereign debt and banking crisis in the area at their informal summit on Wednesday.
Former Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash, a fierce supporter of Turkish Cypriot independence and key figure in Cyprus' decades-old ethnic conflict, died yesterday.
HVAC Covers says its custom made air conditioner covers will protect units during off-season or winter use.
School officials say some students at Summerville High School were suspended this week after violating the school's dress code.
In a victory for an insurance company accused of acting in bad faith, the Oregon Supreme Court ruled that a $20.7 million jury award for punitive damages in a fatal traffic accident in 1987 was excessive.
An area man dies after crashing his vehicle into the post office in the town of Cecil.
Highland School District announced Monday that it will soon have a new superintendent.
Las Cruces police are investigating a report of shots fired near an elementary school Monday night.
A quiet period in the tropics should continue over the next 48 hours, the normal forecasting period, according to the National Hurricane Center.
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said only Barisan Nasional can provide the people with a good future.
Gwyneth Paltrow is set to return to ``Glee'' and reprise her role as free-spirited substitute teacher Holly Holiday.
Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, who today laid the foundation stone for Rs. 5180 crore-Kochi Metro said that media should avoid the desire to be sensational and its reporting and opinion should be fair, objective and balanced.
Indian shares ended lower Thursday as investors turned cautious on fears of an interest rate hike ahead of the central bank's monetary policy meet, with financials and Reliance Industries, the country's most valued company, bearing the brunt of the selloff.
Vancouver police responded late Tuesday to a stabbing that sent one man to a local hospital.
Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne again demonstrated its large payload lift capabilities by successfully boosting the second GPS- IIF2 navigation satellite for the US government launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force station, Fla. The satellite was onboard a United Launch Alliance Delta IV-Medium rocket, powered by a Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne RS-68 booster engine and an RL10B-2 upper-stage engine.
A Joliet man accused of shooting at law officers before killing 55 dogs and attempting suicide has been released from a Billings hospital.
Police in McCracken County are looking for a man suspected of rape.
Former Arizona guard Lamont Jones has been cleared to play at Iona immediately.
AIG will be required to repay lavish employee bonuses, US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said, as the bailed-out insurance company's boss prepared to face furious lawmakers.
Police in Bristol are looking for two suspects connected to two home invasions last week.
A Syracuse area doctor sentenced to 10 years probation for attempting to send inappropriate text messages to a teenage boy has had his license revoked.
Evelyn Lozada is set to quit reality show 'Basketball Wives' because she feels as if she's been treating badly by the producers.
No. 20 Northwestern dominated No. 22 Michigan, 173-122, Saturday during Senior Day at the Norris Aquatics Center, knocking off its second-consecutive ranked dual-meet opponent.
Japan is expected to seek closer military cooperation with the United States in view of China's new military assertiveness in the region, according to a report in Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin.
Due to the tourist operator's fault, Ukrainian tourists are evicted from hotels in Croatia and Montenegro, UKRINFORM reports with reference to Segodnia newspaper.
Israel has lifted the ban on Apple iPad for the tourists flowing in to the country and for citizens as well.
One of the challenges our young people are facing is living life without having any purpose.
Ryan Craig has cleared re-entry waivers and will join the Lightning tonight for their game against the Ottawa Senators.
US technology giant Hewlett-Packard said Monday it would cut 24,600 jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm Electronic Data Systems.
The polls are open in Florida for a primary that Mitt Romney hopes will give him a stronger hand in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
SouthGobi Energy Resources Ltd., the Canada-listed mining company backed by China's sovereign wealth fund, may post ``robust'' earnings starting next year as production expands, its chief executive officer said.
A puppet ringleader in the Russian-occupied province of Nokhchicho of the Caucasus Emirate has again publicly counted the number of Mujahideen.
The SA National Defence Union says the SANDF has dismissed 500 soldiers placed on special leave after their participation in an illegal march in 2009.
The Employment Security Commission of North Carolina reported unemployment rates dropped in Lenoir, Greene and Jones counties during the month of July.
PORSCHE SE won dismissal of the first two investor suits in Germany over allegations the company lied about its failed Volkswagen AG takeover plan in 2008.
A Norwegian artist has taken his love of Burberry to a whole new level, the UK Daily Mail reported.
A Newark man who police say raped two young relatives was indicted Thursday on 17 counts of sexual charges by a Licking County grand jury.
Sagrada Esperança da Lunda Norte beat Progresso do Sambizanga by 1-0, in a four round game of the National First Division Championship of Football, thus rising to the second position.
BHP will still seek regulatory approvals for its $165 billion bid for Rio Tinto, even though Rio has rejected of the offer.
Veteran English actress Barbara Windsor, whose boobs became famous due to the 'Carry On' movies, has revealed that she used to hate her legendary assets.
A researcher at the University of Navarra, Ms Itziar Abete, has shown that a diet rich in legumes favours weight loss and maintenance over time.
Bayern Munich playmaker Arjen Robben has returned to training for the first time since injuring his hamstring against Poland.
Although the Kalamazoo River oil spill cleanup is far from over, Enbridge Inc., the company responsible for the leak, already is repaying local government agencies for their help.
Sandestin Wine Festival, one of the top wine festivals of its kind, announces strong ticket sales and the final days to purchase discounted tickets for this year's event.
NEW YORK - Disgraced financier Bernard Madoff has been ordered to forfeit over $170 billion, prosecutors said Friday.
Sega is launching a free Genesis emulator for the iPhone and iPod Touch next month, and will include a free game.
Some cattle has been cloned from dead animals and their offspring have entered the food chain.
Indian guar futures hit new contract highs in intraday trade on Tuesday on lower acreage due to scanty rains in north-western India, where most of the guar crop is grown, analysts said.
Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit today underwent surgery at a city hospital for sinus problem and is stable.
Mobile products from Samsung now enjoy a high level of expectation and rumours, which was once only reserved for upcoming Apple products, and now it seems that the Galaxy Note 10.1 specs have been leaked before its release after an unboxing of the device.
Essendon midfielder Nathan Lovett-Murray has been released from hospital after being treated for non life-threatening injuries following a domestic dispute in Melbourne's northern suburbs last night.
Moviemaker JUDD APATOW has gone back to school to pick up his high school diploma, 27 years after graduating.
In talking with MarketSaw, 3ality Digital Systems CEO Steve Schklair said that Jackson will be shooting all of his films in 3D from now on, using the technologies of Schklair's 3ality company to do so.
Cicely Tyson won the Tony Award Sunday for best actress in a play for her work in ``A Trip to Bountiful.''
Mahesh Khaleja, get set ready to release across the world today.
Camden bishop reportedly to retire An announcement is scheduled Tuesday on the future administration of the Camden Roman Catholic Diocese.
Saxo Bank, the online multi-asset trading and investment specialist, has today launched new charts on SaxoTrader and SaxoWebTrader with enhanced functionalities.
JAPAN has launched two intelligence satellites into orbit amid growing concerns that North Korea is planning to test more rockets of its own and possibly conduct a nuclear test.
Manitoba's wholesalers shipped out fewer goods last November than in the previous month, according to new figures released today.
British fashion designer Alexander McQueen was found dead in his London home on Thursday morning.
Luxury automobile makers BMW have designed a luxury ski gondola inspired by the brand's hugely popular 7-Series car.
A Virginia man lost 79 pounds in six months by eating nearly every meal at McDonald's.
An apparently angry ex-girlfriend is spending her 24th birthday in jail after being accused of throwing water on her ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend when she found them sleeping in the same bed.
Developers of unauthorised holiday resorts in KwaZulu-Natal's World Heritage Site, the iSimangaliso Wetlands Park, have refused to demolish them.
A FAMOUS painting of a 17th century princess is returning more than 350 years after it first hung at Hampton Court Palace.
The Bloomsburg University softball team, ranked 16th in this week's national poll, swept IUP on Thursday by scores of 7-1 and 8-2.
Former Test umpire David Shepherd has died after a long battle with cancer, his former club Gloucestershire have confirmed.
PETER Garcia's cellmate tried to poison him inside the Maximum Security Prison three weeks ago, his girlfriend, Crystal Bullock, said yesterday.
Perry 2012 run likely, Iowa gov says New Jersey Nets point guard Deron Williams says on Twitter that he has officially signed with Turkey's Besiktas.
Samsung Electronics, the world's largest technology firm by revenue, raised the price of mobile processor supplied to Apple Inc. by 20% recently, Chosun Ilbo reported Monday, citing a person familiar with negotiations between the two tech giants.
A new report says shark attacks declined in the US last year, but worldwide fatalities reached a two-decade high.
The Oscar-winning actress Penelope Cruz has unveiled her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Rutgers men's basketball coach Fred Hill announced today that Brian Okam has signed a National Letter of Intent to compete for the Scarlet Knights.
SHOCKED villagers this week claimed a man had his toes and fingers hacked off in a brutal gangland machete attack at a Lanarkshire beauty spot.
An Alton doctor has had her license suspended for a year after investigators say she failed to notify authorities about suspected abuse of one of her young patients who later died at the hands of his abusive father.
A Metro Nashville police officer has been shot by a motorist who he stopped.
Wilkins, who had endorsed Perry earlier in the campaign season, said that he would now back former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
Mbabane Swallows were crowned Swaziland champions at the Somhlolo National Stadium after collected the win they needed to beat Royal Leopard to the title.
CBio will merge with US-based drug discovery company Inverseon, to form a new clinical-stage biotech focused on anti-inflammatory diseases.
Steelers G Kendall Simmons had his ruptured Achilles repaired Tuesday and faces eight months of recovery time.
World Health Organization officials announced last Friday that famine-stricken Somalia faces a cholera epidemic as dirty water and poor sanitation are leading to an increase in outbreaks of the disease.
THE FUNERAL OF former IRA prisoner Dolours Price is to take place in west Belfast today.
US wholesale prices fell 0.1% in December, as the cost of gas and food declined, the government reported Wednesday.
Christine Beatty, the former chief of staff and mistress of Detroit ex-Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick whose relationship with the mayor led to his downfall, testified today before a federal grand jury investigating City Hall corruption.
Sudha Singh improved her three-year old meet mark in women's 3000m steeplechase en route to winning a gold on the third day of the Federation Cup Senior Athletics Championship here today.
Typhoon Tembin swept across southern Taiwan Friday, toppling trees and ripping off rooftops after thousands of people were evacuated to avoid a repeat of a deadly storm three years ago.
East Carolina's Skip Holtz will replace fired coach Jim Leavitt in South Florida and an official annoncement is expected to be make soon.
Anthony Pellicano, a private investigator whose client list once included many Hollywood stars, was sentenced on Monday to 15 years in prison for his role in an illegal wiretapping enterprise.
Security forces conducted search and clearance operation in Mandech and destroyed two terrorist hideouts alongwith large number of ammunition and IEDs during the ongoing Rah-e-Nijat operation in South Waziristan in the last 24 hours.
Commercial motorists in Lagos on Sunday blamed government agencies for the hike in transport fares this Christmas.
A Halesowen man groomed a schoolgirl he met in an internet chat-room before travelling to the North-East and booking a hotel for sex sessions.
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable has today attacked so-called ``billionaire tax dodgers'' who he believes are attempting to influence the Conservative party and future UK government policies.
China has said it is aiming for a big boost in energy efficiency by cutting carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gross domestic product by up to 45% by 2020.
Former Colombian hostage Ingrid Betancourt has met with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez as part of her efforts to gain support from Latin American leaders for the release of Colombia's rebel-held hostages.
Belgium's King Albert II has accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Yves Leterme, who moved to resign last week after his ruling coalition collapsed amid a long-running row between Flemish- and French-speaking parties.
ANDY Murray crashed out of the French Open today following a defeat by Spanish champion Rafael Nadal.
Tens of millions of caterpillars, also known as army worms, have affected more than 53 towns and villages in northern Liberia , contaminating water supplies and destroying crops, according to media reports.
Richard Heene, who orchestrated the Balloon Boy hoax that transfixed the nation in October, was sentenced this morning to 90 days in jail and four years probation.
A MASSIVE whale that beached itself in Cornwall will have to be destroyed, according to police.
KENNY DALGLISH praised his side's collective performance after Liverpool FC continued their strong start to the season with victory over Bolton Wanderers at Anfield.
The pace of fatal heroin and Oxycontin overdoses has dramatically slowed in Massachusetts.
The Tripura government today launched a special employment guarantee scheme, designed on the lines of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, for the urban poor.
This is a question that needs answering; do you think RIM is dying a slow death in the smartphone market?
Kym Marsh has admitted that she and her former Hear'Say bandmate Myleene Klass did not speak for years after she quit the band.
The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 22 paise to 48.02 against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of more capital outflows and dollar demand from importers.
Australian researchers have said that ancient refuges could be the key to saving the country's unique biodiversity under threat from climate change.
Already grappling with weak profits and global economic turmoil, 15 major banks were hit with credit downgrades Thursday that could do more damage to their bottom lines and further unsettle equity markets.
``I had thought I would give the prize money for charity but by leaving 'Bigg Boss' also I have done charity. By leaving the show myself, I have given others a chance to win the show. I had even requested 'Bigg Boss' to avoid the nomination that took place on Monday's episode but in vain,'' Rahul told IANS over phone from Lonavala.
It pays to be a thief in Canada -- unless you are caught red-handed.
EAST LANSING, Mich. Branden Dawsen scored 15 points and grabbed nine rebounds in his first action for Michigan State, which beat Ferris State 85-58 in an exhibition opener Sunday.
Hollywog, a local company that manufactures pain management devices such as the WiTouch and WiTouch Pro, has won the Red Dot Award for product design.
She always livens up red carpets and award ceremonies with her bold, funky and fashion-forward style and now, aged 10, Willow Smith has been named by a top designer as an American fashion icon.
The Atlanta Thrashers have recalled forward Spencer Machacek from the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League, according to Executive Vice President and General Manager Don Waddell.
Two Israeli Arabs, along with a Ukrainian citizen, were sentenced to life in prison in Egypt on Monday.
New York Governor David Paterson plans to discuss relocating a proposed Muslim cultural center and mosque to a less emotionally charged location farther from New York City's ``Ground Zero'' site of the September 11 attacks.
Lawyers staged a protest rally in Quetta on Monday for the eighth consecutive day in condemnation of the abductions of judges and lawyers in the province.
Westpac Adelaide jobs may go offshore Updated: 07:07, Wednesday February 13, 2013 Westpac is in the firing line over the possible offshoring of up to 90 Adelaide jobs, with one federal Labor MP saying workers 'worst fears have come true'.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been accused of assault and battery following an alleged altercation with a motorist in Paris.
Nissan want to sell Datsun for $3000 Updated: 11:43, Wednesday October 3, 2012 Nissan wants to relaunch the Datsun brand and sell the cars for as little as $3000, but not in Australia.
Starbucks acquired Bay Bread LLC for $100 million cash.
US-based travel services provider Expedia on Thursday started its India operations targeted at outbound tourists in the 1.75 billion-dollar online travel market.
A Forestport man has pleaded not guilty to a second degree murder charge in the death of his wife.
Beck, who signed a one-year contract Baltimore announced Monday, played five games in two seasons with Miami.
Chemicals found dumped near a Shropshire airfield were potentially toxic, it was revealed today.
MINNESOTA Vikings quarterback Brett Favre, hoping to lead his team to a Super Bowl, said on Wednesday he would return to the National Football League for one more season.
Edin Dzeko scored four times as Manchester City demolished Tottenham 5-1 at White Hart Lane on Sunday to underline their credentials as serious challengers for the Premier League title.
A man checking out of a room at the Econo Lodge at 1101 Dual Highway Thursday night pointed a gun at a motel employee, a Hagerstown Police Department spokesman said.
Guess jewellery will launch in H Samuel this Autumn with a wide collection of jewellery, including two new exclusive pieces.
The value of building permits issued by municipalities rose 11.9 per cent to $6.3-billion in October after three straight monthly decreases.
In addition, non-recyclable plastic bags will banned in Mandalay and violators will be punished.
A parolee under strict supervision shot and killed 3 people Saturday night before being shot and killed himself.
Rahul Dravid once again showed his class with the bat against Deccan and I would like to see him open the batting with Kevin Pietersen.
Volkswagen has unveiled the new Sharan, which features twin sliding doors, a seven seat configuration and a range of petrol and diesel engines.
Nevada lawmakers will review a bill today aimed at better preparing high school students for college and the workplace.
Three months after surgery to strengthen the patella tendon in his left knee, Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez began running again on a treadmill on Thursday at USC, according to an NFL Network report that has circulated widely.
Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. is warning state officials that it could lay off as many as 35 employees at Maryland locations starting in mid-February, but it hopes workers in disappearing jobs will be able to switch to other positions in the company.
Sen. Chuck Schumer received an intricately carved ``lump of coal'' from fellow Sen. Joe Manchin in a ``Secret Santa'' exchange.
The House has impeached a federal judge from Texas for lying about the sexual assaults of two women.
Philippine share prices closed 0.85 percent lower Monday as investors took profits from recent gains, dealers said.
Chace Crawford is reportedly dating Twilight star Ashley Greene -- the pair was snapped making out early Monday morning.
While still waiting for a formal announcment, IGN have gotten the inside scoop and revealed that WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2009 has indeed been made official, and will include a bucket-load of new features to sink your teeth into.
Rail link construction dispute no nearer resolution 09 October 2009 The construction dispute about the scrapping of the Glasgow AirportRail Link is no nearer resolution after figures used as justification for cancelling the scheme were called into question.
Ukrainian premier Yulia Timoshenko and US President George Bush, now on a state visit here, discussed diversification of gas supplies to Ukraine ``through direct contracts with Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan'', first vice-premier Turchinov told reporters on Tuesday.
Fort Worth-based home builder DR Horton posted a profit in its first fiscal quarter as more buyers came to the new-home market, including those who were once hunting for distressed properties, the company said Friday.
Huw Jenkins has released a statement about Darren Pratley on the Official Site, and says that Pratley doesn't want to continue contract talks with Swansea City according to his agent.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banarjee has denied the charges in which it has been alleged about beating up the prime minister.
Special boxes for citizens' complaints were placed at the Border Checkpoints and in every Office of the Border Police of Georgia to reveal border guards' breach of duty.
India agreed to raise its petrol and diesel prices by about 10 percent on Wednesday, more than expected, curbing losses at its state-owned refiners but stoking inflation and risking a political backlash.
Two Lowcountry businesses are competing for Department of Defense contracts worth nearly $159 million total, according to a news release.
Shares in Greek banks have fallen up to 30% after plans to merge two of them were called off on fears the new entity would be too big to manage, BBC News reported.
Colton Harris-Moore, the so-called ``Barefoot Bandit,'' pleaded not guilty in a Seattle courtroom Thursday to five federal charges, including transporting a stolen aircraft, transporting a stolen firearm and flying a plane without a license.
An elephant named Sambo stomped its 54-year-old owner to death and fled into the jungle in Kampong Speu province's Mon village, prompting the owner's family to intervene with authorties to catch the angry beast and remove it to a zoo.
Karlheinz Schreiber, the German-Canadian businessman who is embroiled in a prolonged dispute with former prime minister Brian Mulroney, is once again free on bail.
Australian boxing champion and one time pop-star Lionel Rose will receive a State funeral from the Victorian Government.
Kanye West made the ultimate festival fashion statement when he wore women's clothing at Coachella over the weekend.
The body of an Indian, who died due to heart failure in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir while visiting his relatives there, was today handed over to Indian authorities at Chakan-Da-Bagh crossing point on Line of Control in Poonch district, officials said.
Republicans formally nominated Mitt Romney as their presidential candidate on Tuesday to face Democratic President Barack Obama in the November 6 election.
Taylor Swift, Demi Lovato, Katy Perry and Shakira make their moves on the Hot 100 this week, while the Black Eyed Peas and Jason Mraz set new milestones.
BJP leaders Sushil Modi and Nand Kishor Yadav refused to meet CM Nitish Kumar over the issue of alliance.
and then tried to cover it up -- has said his family is ``facing down the barrel of a gun''.
Despite all their best efforts Hemel Hempstead Town FC have been relegated from the Southern Premier League.
US online job ads rose by 204,300 in April for a total of about 5.1 million, according to The Conference Board's report on online jobs ads released today.
Dartmouth College has severed ties with a campus pharmacist accused of improperly diverting painkillers.
Hugh Jackman took his wife and children to visit Nicole Kidman and her new baby Sunday Rose in Sydney, Australia, yesterday.
``You need to have a strong stomach in this job,'' says senior environmental health officer Mark Coleman.
Quadruple stage winner Mark Cavendish has pulled out of the Tour de France prior to the 15th stage, the first of three days in the Alps, according to his Colombian team.
EXCLUSIVE North Indian restaurant, Red Fort opened its doors for the first time on Saturday.
Police are investigating two suspicious fires that occurred minutes apart and blocks away from each other early yesterday morning.
An atheist group's billboard near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel in New Jersey calls Christmas a myth.
Velvet Ice Cream, based in Utica, will sponsor the Pelotonia grand opening Friday at Chemical Abstracts Service, 2540 Olentangy River Road, Columbus.
A 30-year-old Massena man was arrested Monday and charged with exposing himself to a woman in July.
Gazprom looks set to slash planned spending in 2009 by more than 17% because of the global financial crisis -- although the cut is much less than the 30% it was talking about earlier this year (IOD Jun...
A southern Oregon woman has divorced the man she is accused of shooting in the chest.
Carlos Tevez was offside when he scored his first goal vs Mexico yesterday.
A NORTH Lincolnshire primary school has received the highest accolade from the Government's education watchdog.
Now we are taking CEM to the next level of performance, bringing together telco-IT-web capabilities in a turbocharged CEM 2.0.
Prince William has a ``secret pact'' with Kate Middleton which will keep them apart for the next year -- but could see them marrying.
Gold failed to make much headway yesterday, trading between a narrow range of $1312-$1320.
Timely and consistent implementation of Basel III norms, aimed at bolstering the resilience of banks, is essential to ensure a stable global banking system, a report prepared for the G-20 leaders said on Monday.
There have been rumors going around that the Sri Lankan military used chemical weapons yesterday in its battle against the LTTE.
Writer 2 hours, 12 minutes ago Imprisoned quarterback Michael Vick filed for bankruptcy protection while serving time for federal dogfighting charges, saying he owes between $10 million and $50 million to creditors.
Treasuries fell before The Federal Reserve releases minutes of its January meeting where policy makers voted to continue with the $600 billion debt-buying plan to bolster the economy.
A Silver Alert has been issued for an 87-year-old Fort Lauderdale man who has been reported missing for the second time in a week.
Government offices are to be closed Thursday and Friday in celebration of the Thanksgiving holiday.
The State Department of Military Affairs says flags will be lowered for a Wisconsin marine who was killed in Afghanistan.
Walnut Creek officials will again consider extending parking meter pay hours at 600 spaces in downtown -- until 9 pm Monday through Saturday and Sunday from 9 am to 6 pm Metered parking currently is free after 6 pm and all day Sunday.
Cincinnati city officials want to go ahead with installing traffic cameras, despite opposition.
Michael McCaul, R-Texas, and Patrick Kennedy, DR.I., on Friday introduced a bill that would exempt foreign students who receive Ph.D.'s from American universities from immigration limits.
China set new price restrictions on some pain, fever and respiratory drugs, as leaders attempt to overhaul the country's health-care system and make medicines, including Western brands, more affordable.
In the German Bundesliga last season Champions VfL Wolfsburg, who are ninth currently, thrashed Hoffenheim 4-0 helped by two goals from Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko.
Reuters reported that Anglo American hopes to begin construction of its USD 3 billion Quellaveco copper project in Peru soon and has won crucial community support for its water plan.
The Cedar Rapids city council just approved a budget that raises property taxes, utility rates and various fees.
Top US swimmer Ryan Lochte is sick with the runs, and has been for 48 hours, his dad told Access Hollywood Monday afternoon in Beijing.
84 Lumber Co. said Monday that it closed another 30 stores across the country, including store consolidations in eight core markets.
Britain's Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, left hospital on Saturday after five days of treatment for a bladder infection that sparked concerns for the 90-year-old's health.
A CRACK cocaine addict has been given one last chance to turn his life around after he was caught with stolen goods.
A man who authored a book on legally carrying handguns in Minnesota has been accused of bringing weapons into Minneapolis City Hall.
With precious metals dropping seemingly every day so far this year, the question on many investors' minds is whether gold and silver can sustain the rally witnessed on Friday.
The United Nations Security Council has imposed sanctions on Eritrea, who it accuses of arming insurgents in Somalia and refusing to settle a border dispute with Djibouti.
A coffeeshop worker was jailed 12 years by a High Court here yesterday for the manslaughter of a teenager seven years ago.
Several issues Thursday morning weighing on stocks:
2/22/2008 8:54:32 AM Digital entertainment services company RealNetworks announced that it has acquired substantially all of the assets of Trymedia, a pioneer in Casual Games syndication, from Macrovision.
Mehmet Okur will start for the Jazz on Saturday after missing the three previous games with a hamstring injury.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Il on Sunday suffered a apoplectic stoke, the Japanese Kyodo news agency reported on Sunday, referring to sources in China.
A pint will still be a pint in British pubs.
The Boys and Girls Club Silver Springs Unit is offering a program for kindergarteners, called Kinder Club.
Inauguration weekend has begun with President Obama's National Day of Service--a day of volunteer projects that he added to the 2009 inaugural schedule and hopes will become a presidential tradition.
``G-8'' leaders refused proposal of Russian President on expanding composition of the body, Spokesman for Japanese Foreign Ministry told journalists, APA reports.
Boeing Co. may offer a tanker version of its 777 passenger jet in a new bid to win a $35 billion military contract to replace the Air Force's aging fleet of aerial refuelling planes, a company spokesman said Wednesday.
This week, Stephen Covey poured salt into the would of major publishing houses by signing an exclusive eBook deal with Amazon.com for his popular self-improvement and business book line.
A FORMER New South Wales government minister told a teenage boy he was a bisexual and had homosexual relations with men in the back room of his electorate office, a court has been told.
Peter Facinelli is splitting with his wife of 11 years.
Oil fell below $42 a barrel on Monday, in a retreat from session highs achieved earlier partly in response to a weak US dollar and comments from Saudi Arabia that OPEC supply cuts will stabilise the market.
Dole Foods is withdrawing a defamation lawsuit against a Swedish filmmaker after complaints in Sweden that it was trying to limit free speech, the company said Thursday.
Andrew Goudelock scored 22 of his 27 points in the second half and College of Charleston held off Georgia Southern 65-61 on Wednesday night to sweep the series.
Washington, Jun 2 Noting that its patience is``not finite'', the US has said it is closely watching North Korea and that the UN Security Council will come up with``tough measures''against the country, which recently conducted a powerful nuclear test for the second time.
As part of its ongoing 75th birthday celebration, the UC Davis Arboretum will host a second fall plant sale today.
Salsa star Gilberto Santa Rosa is heading to the New York stage to make his Broadway debut in a musical featuring some of his biggest hits.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 4 April /TrendCapital/ On 5 April, the Qafqaz University will hold the first round of the republican informatics competition amongst university students, the Azerbaijani Communications and IT Ministry reported.
CAPA > Aviation Analysis > Why don't women run airlines?
Sahara group chief Subrata Roy and three other top executives on Wednesday appeared before market regulator Sebi, which had summoned them in the high-profile case involving refund of an estimated Rs 24,000 crore to over three crore investors.
Barclays yesterday moved to head off a shareholder protest on executive pay by making a concession on bonuses, writes Simon Bain.
Wall Street is poised for a moderately higher opening ahead of major retailers announcing March sales and a weekly unemployment report.
Goldman Sachs has invested $450m in Facebook in a transaction that values the social network at $50bn.
Sevilla FC, last years race winner during the Superleague Formula race of Donington, returns to the Superleague Formula series.
Tahawwur Rana, one of the main suspects in 2008 Mumbai terror attacks is sentenced to 14 years of jail for providing support to proscribed group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
The Western Australian business community is mourning the death of former high profile businessman Kevin Parry who was killed in a car accident on Friday.
A Wagner woman recently pleaded not guilty to concealing a person from arrest.
British Airways subsidiary BA Openskies is to join Oneworld as an affiliate member from December 1.
Jubilee takes over Senate as Ethuro, Gitura win Watch KTN Streaming LIVE from Kenya 24/7 on http://www.ktnkenya.tv
Heavy snowfall has closed US 60 between Superior and Miami in south-central Arizona.
Ireland recorded the highest GDP growth rate in the EU during the first quarter of 2010, a new report said today.
Pakistan's beleaguered President Asif Ali Zardari was ready to resign and call an early general elections if parties in the ruling coalition wanted him to take such a step, according to a media report on Wednesday.
AJ Allmendinger in a statement released by his agent indicates his ``A'' sample tested positive for a Stimulant.
A local woman was burglarized in her own driveway, while she stood just feet away.
Alan Alda, award-winning actor and visiting professor at the Center for Communicating Science at Stony Brook University, talks about his experiences with communicating science to the general public.
Transport and Communication Ministry reports that as of 17:00pm the interstate and republican roads are mainly passable.
Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee President Capt Amarinder Singh today said, the election might be advanced in Punjab by a few months as there were strong indications about it.
Russia will send a team of experts to South Korea to study the results of an international probe into the sinking of one of Seoul's warships, allegedly by North Korea, the Kremlin said on Wednesday.
Britain did not want the Lockerbie bomber to die in a Scottish prison, Britain's foreign secretary acknowledged Wednesday, as Scotland's parliament resumed debate on the decision to free the terminally ill Libyan and let him die at home.
A South Dakota man sentenced to life in prison for causing the death of his infant son plans to appeal his murder conviction.
Becker pleaded guilty to two of the eight charges against him.
Every domestic murder in England and Wales will now be automatically reviewed to ensure lessons are learned.
Russia is not seeking to undermine NATO by proposing a new European security system, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Tuesday.
Three people in Geneseo were hospitalized last night for possible carbon monoxide poisoning.
If you ask me, ``who should lead the autism rights movement?'' the answer is simple.
Two Montana men pleaded not guilty Thursday to six felony drug charges in a Belle Fourche courtroom.
A Somali pirate who attacked a US-flagged ship off the coast of Africa in 2009 has been sentenced to more than 33 years in prison.
In this video image taken from Japan's NHK TV, an oil refinery burns in Ichihara, Chiba Prefecture Japan Friday March 11, 2011 following a massive earth quake.
A Bethlehem man was charged Saturday with swinging at an Allentown police officer who was arresting him for allegedly driving under the influence.
The 14th annual Kingston Volunteer Firemen's 5-mile and 5K road races are set for Saturday starting at 8 am at the Kingston Fire Station at 148 Main St. There will also be a 5-mile health walk.
European shares edged higher on Thursday ahead of a key European Central Bank meeting, which traders say must result in fresh stimulus measures to fight the region's sovereign debt crisis if equity markets are to avoid a sharp retreat.
Kelsey Grammer is heading back to TV in a new show directed by ``Milk'' moviemaker Gus Van Sant.
Research in Motion has announced that they are now going to sell unlocked Blackberry smartphones in the Indian market.
Turkey and Iran signed cooperation agreements against illicit drug trafficking, organized crimes and on fight against terrorism on Thursday.
The city of Hoover will get $400,000 in federal stimulus money for a landscaping and beautification project at the Interstate 65 and US 31 interchange, city officials learned this week.
Honda is using $94 million to add jobs in Alabama as production is cut across to country with parts and supplies dwindling from Japan.
A software firm could create up to 200 jobs at a new Scottish operation, the company has said.
Centerline Capital Group, a provider of real estate financial and asset management services for affordable and conventional multifamily housing, and a subsidiary of Centerline Holding Company , announced today it has provided a $5.7 million Fannie Mae loan to facilitate the acquisition of a multifamily property located in Bedford, Texas.
John Deere India, a subsidiary of US-based Deere & Company and a leading manufacturer of agricultural tractors, has introduced its 'smart' tractor, 60-HP tractor model 5060E for the India market.
Cincinnati Police and Cincinnati Public Schools officials held a press conference Tuesday morning to announce an anti-bullying art contest.
The Fair Labor Association today announced that Apple will join the FLA as a Participating Company, effective immediately.
A child rapist who recently served nine months in jail for violating his probation is now living as a transient in Spokane County.
A former eastern Kentucky rest home administrator has pleaded guilty to charges involving funds that were supposed to be used for resident care.
Two men face dozens of larceny charges for a series of air conditioner thefts across Wake County.
Downer wins $570m mining contract Updated: 10:53, Monday February 6, 2012 Engineering firm Downer EDI has won a $570 million contract to provide services at the Karara iron ore project in Western Australia.
Barnsley manager Mark Robins was left feeling ``flat'' after a 1-1 home draw against Derby he admitted felt more like a defeat.
An elephant kept in Franklin Zoo, New Zealand, has trampled a zookeeper to death in its enclosure.
We asked Petside's Advisory Board members what it means to put a pet in your will.
Decision Resources, one of the world's leading research and advisory firms for pharmaceutical and healthcare issues, forecasts that biosimilar insulins and insulin analogues stand to erode $6.1 billion in brand sales in the US and Europe by 2018, saving healthcare systems $3.8 billion in the process.
Rupee on Tuesday fell sharply by 30 paise to close at 45.74/75 against the greenback due to steep fall in equity markets despite late dollar buying by oil refiners.
Matiwane Manana Art Foundation's Khethabahle Mthethwa said Mbongeni Ngema, who is one of the guests at the reception, would be arriving in the country on Friday.
HP is buying Palm for $1.2 billion, a move which logically keeps HP toe-to-toe in its competition with Dell and other players at a time when virtually every leading PC manufacturer has concluded it must compete in the smartphone market, while virtually every smartphone manufacturer is thinking it must compete in the market for tablet devices of one sort or another.
Hip-hop superstar TI was released from a federal prison in Arkansas recently after serving seven months of his oneyear sentence for a felony weapons conviction.
The British economy is past the worst in terms of rates of decline, it has been claimed.
Houston-based National Oilwell Varco has obtained a US$3 billion credit facility to assist in its purchase of Houston-based drill pipe supplier Grant Prideco.
Then Jerico returns to the stage in September with dates in Newcastle, Glascow, Liverpool, Sheffield, Birmingham, Bristol, Oxford ending in London on the 29th.
Kathmandu, Jan 11 A maverick Maoist minister who triggered a row over Nepal's revered Pashupatinath shrine is now poised to create another controversy with his statement that every Nepali should carry a gun, apparently to fight India and the US.
Despite saying that he's okay physically, Sam Cassell admitted on Sunday that he isn't enjoying himself, as the Clippers continue to lose games.
President Obama set up a long battle with Republicans yesterday when he unveiled an almost $4 trillion budget that raises taxes, cuts military spending and increases the national deficit to its highest level since the Second World War.
Croatian tennis players Mario Ancic has reached the ATP quarterfinals in Stockholm by defeating Belgian Steve Darcis by a score of 7:6, 6:4 in a second-round match.
``What's liberating about Islam is that one is spared from having to think.''
By harry68 82-year-old actor Jim Nabors, best known for his role as Gomer Pyle in ``The Andy Griffith Show'', has married his male partner of many years, and maintains their marriage does not change the dynamic of their relationship.
Clear Channel Communications said Tuesday it will cut 1,850 jobs, or 9 percent of its work force, nationwide, but none of those will be in Green Bay.
The Australian bond market closed firmer as equities slid while China's central bank set a stronger yuan exchange rate.
Police received a report Saturday of a possible gunshot fired through a window last week.
Crews are cleaning up a small liquid chemical spill at the Tesoro Refinery in Wilmington apparently caused by an underground pipeline break.
Erskine Bowles, co-founder of a campaign called Fix the Debt, said his group will unveil a bipartisan plan Thursday that would cut an additional $2.5 trillion from the federal budget in 10 years.
Traffic on Southwest Airlines and AirTran fell in January, which was a mixed month for the airline industry.
Shares of Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund are trading very close to calculated resistance at $33.61 with the current price action closing at just $32.97 placing the stock near levels that make it difficult to buy.
Debra Messing, the Emmy winning-star of ``Will & Grace,'' is close to a deal to join a NBC musical pilot in a lead role, reports TVLine.com.
Azerbaijani forces killed an Armenian soldier at the line of contact between the armed forces of Nagorno Karabakh and Azerbaijan, Press Service of the NKR Defense Ministry informs.
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.� , the parent company of Prosperity Bank�, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.215 per share, an increase of 10.3% over the third quarter dividend of $0.195 per share, to holders of Prosperity's common stock.
An Easton mother, accused of killing her 7-month-old child found floating in the bathtub last year, was charged Thursday with first-degree manslaughter.
It's come to light that two US power plants were hit by malware attacks in 2012, after employees used infected USB sticks.
Why can't the city of Neenah keep the correct time on the Neenah clock tower?
Madhya Pradesh assembly's Congress opposition leader Ajay Singh said here on Wednesday that the comment made by MP State Industries Minister Kailash Vijaywargiya against Congress MP Meenakshi Natarajan only showed his base mentality.
A MAN has been charged over a knifepoint robbery at a New Forest petrol station.
A 14-year-old boy Ellenbrook boy has been charged with assault after two men were attacked in Northbridge early Sunday morning, leaving one man with a fractured skull.
One local war memorial was rededicated to the soldiers of the Vietnam War, our sister station WTHI reports.
The Federal Reserve -- the quasi-autonomous body that controls the US's money supply -- is a ``Ponzi scheme'' that created ``bubble after bubble'' in the US economy and needs to be held accountable for its actions, says Eliot Spitzer, the former governor and attorney-general of New York.
SHOPPERS can make a difference to good causes in their community while picking up their weekly groceries.
Gay Byrne has helped to launch a generics campaign to coincide with a new law on affordable medicines.
Nadine Coyle has admitted that she still feels too young to marry boyfriend Jason Bell.
Livingston County Sheriff John York says he is retiring at the end of the year..
A Needham woman was scammed out of about $4,500 after a person pretending to be her grandson's friend called her on March 24 and said her grandson needed bail money after a drinking and driving arrest in Canada.
A bus was hijacked in Durban on Friday morning and one hijacker is believed to have been shot by metro police.
British actress Emma Thompson decided to bring a pig on a leash for her world premiere of 'Nanny McPhee And The Big Bang' in London.
Chicago White Sox outplayed Houston Astros 5-1 at the Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas on Tuesday, April 3 in their Grapefruit League encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball Spring Training Session.
In a fresh fatwa, Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deboand has said that Islam does not permit celebrating birthdays.
A US Marine accused of raping a 14-year-old girl in southern Japan was arrested Monday, but the suspect denied the allegation, police said.
Bank workers swapped their desks for pitchforks and spent a day grafting at a popular Leicestershire beauty spot.
As a responsible member of the international community, China is firmly committed to the path of peaceful development, an opening up strategy for win-win results and friendly cooperation with all countries on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence, former China's State Councillor Tang Jiaxuan said here Friday.
East Newark is making plans to redevelop the Passaic River waterfront between the borough's borders with Kearny and Harrison, The Jersey Journal reports.
Donald Trump had strong words to say about the Miss USA pageant and former Miss Pennsylvania in an interview on ``Good Morning America'' on June 7, 2012.
James Hardy has returned to practice after missing some time with a hamstring strain, according to Bills.com.
KiwiRail is defending its decision to close the Gisborne to Napier line as ``robust'' following an independent review that found the line could still be viable.
Australian singer Dannii Minogue has quit The X Factor UK just days before the latest series is due to launch.
``I love a doomed love story,`` declared author Lauren Kate, who recently visited the Philippines to promote Torment, the second book in her bestselling young adult paranormal romance series, Fallen.
Supertex has launched its new, advanced LED lamp driver ICs, the AT9932 and the AT9917, for automobile lighting applications such as panel backlights, indicator lights, headlights, dome lights and taillights.
Reliance Infrastructure today said it has commissioned a new 400-kv transmission line in Gujarat, making this the company's fifth functional line.
The family of a woman who died when she fell at home and hit her head said today they feared they would never really know what happened to her.
US Sen. Russ Feingold is backing legislation to help boost venison donations to the hungry.
Now Columbia researchers have found that under stressful conditions, neural stem cells in the adult hippocampus can produce not only neurons, but also new stem cells.
JIMMY BULLARD has been suspended by Hull as they begin a probe into the player's conduct.
President Obama will make a rare appearance in the White House press briefing room today where he'll do something even more unusual: take questions from the press.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki warned Thursday that violence may increase because of the coming US withdrawal from cities and the next national elections, and he urged the country's security forces to remain vigilant as they take on additional responsibilities.
INTERNET search giant Google has won its High Court appeal against Australia's competition watchdog over claims it engaged in misleading or deceptive advertising.
A motorcyclist was killed in a collision in Butler County Thursday night.
Over 30 houses have been damaged in heavy rainfall in Sikkim and more than a hundred people relocated to safer places, official sources said today.
Huawei showcased 4x4 MIMO carrier aggregation solution for LTE TDD at the Huawei-hosted 2012 Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China.
One group is calling on the governor for a statewide moratorium on fracking.
Web hosting provider Host Color has launched a custom blog service, it was announced recently.
Google Inc, developer of the Android mobile phone platform, plans to start a subscription music streaming service to challenge Spotify Ltd, two people with knowledge of the situation said.
Maori Party MP Hone Harawira is being investigated by police after riding a motorcycle on Parliament's forecourt without wearing a helmet.
Elixir Technology, a Singapore-based provider of business intelligence solutions, and Netezza Corporation have entered into a new technology partner agreement.
Trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine effectively prevents influenza in young children, including those younger than 2 years, according to the results of an observational cohort study embedded in a clinical trial of antiviral treatment of influenza in children, reported online November 22 in Lancet Infectious Diseases.
New Delhi, July 17 Actor Ashmit Patel is ready for his second innings in Bollywood after a hiatus of almost three years.
The St. Louis Cardinals lost to the New York Mets 2-6 in the third and last game of their three-match regular series encounter on Wednesday, September 5 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis.
The South African Petroleum Industry Association on Monday said the liquefied petroleum gas shortage should be resolved by December.
NetApp Inc. said Wednesday afternoon that it swung to a profit for its third fiscal quarter thanks to a strong surge in sales for its data storage systems.
Lady Gaga stunned drinkers at a pub - when she serenaded a pair of newlyweds.
An Angola construction company admitted underpaying 11 laborers on several road repair jobs in recent years and agreed to pay them $355,335.41.
Fire officials say a Kansas City, Kan., man has died in a house fire.
Three persons, including two children, were charred to death when the autorickshaw parked near their house accidentally caught fire near Kannur on the outskirts of the city today, police said.
Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani has said that there was no threat to the sovereignty of the country, adding that the people and political parties are ready to sacrifice everything for the defense, sovereignty and stability of Pakistan.
``I don`t know from where this news is coming. I am not styling Aishwarya for Cannes red carpet,'' Mukherjee told reporters.
Dylan McDermott has filed for divorce from his wife, Shiva Rose, after more than 12 years of marriage, court records show.
Indian Congress MP and Chief of the Indian National Commission for Women, Dr Girija Vyas, arrived here on Friday on the invitation of Nepali Congress leader Bimlendra Nidhi.
Seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong cheated his way to the top of the cycling world through the most sophisticated doping programme ever seen in the sports world, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Wednesday.
The St. Joseph County Metro Homicide Unit said the autopsy results for the two people found dead inside a St. Joseph County home were inconclusive.
A production issue at the NPG printing facility has postponed the delivery of Wednesday's St. Joseph News-Press.
American Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement in July and take on Mexico's IBO world lightweight champion Juan Manuel Marquez in a non-title fight, the American said on Saturday.
Cisco plans to acquire Newton, Massachusetts-based ExtendMedia which provides software-based Content Management Systems that controls the entire lifecycle of video content through monetization for pay media and ad-supported business models.
Sooners coach Bob Stoops said Thursday that Landry Jones will start for Bradford, who hasn't played since spraining the AC joint in his right, throwing shoulder the first week of the season.
Shashi Tharoor who had to resign as Union minister in the wake of IPL controversy on Tuesday attended a meeting of the Rendezvous Sports World which owns the competition's latest team Kochi.
Joe Jackson had 13 points and 12 rebounds to lead Memphis over Rice 77-51 Wednesday night.
The Montreal Canadiens announced today that five players have been assigned to the AHL Hamilton Bulldogs.
Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington tested positive for cocaine last July but has since completed a drug-treatment programme and will be retained by the team, the Rangers' website said on Wednesday.
A French lesbian nursery school teacher has been allowed to adopt a child following a 10-year legal battle.
Datuk Seri Shahrizat Abdul Jalil, who is vying for the post of Wanita Umno chief, is confident the delegates and grassroots are ready for renewal and change in the party's wing.
Chancellor University is among schools that support President Obama and Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan's, ``Know Before You Owe'' policy.
A 5-year-old Waterbury girl is in serious condition after going underwater at a Boys and Girls Club pool.
Nonprofit arts group AS220 has announced that it will open a new restaurant this Friday at its 115 Empire St. headquarters.
He has been approached to play legendry singer Kishore Kumar.
New Zealand batsman Ross Taylor has made technical adjustments to his grip during a batting clinic held in Christchurch last week.
This evening bFM radio host Mikey Havoc signed off for the last time, ending a 16 year association with the Auckland student radio station.
Seyfried declares Hathaway admiration Updated: 14:02, Tuesday March 5, 2013 Amanda Seyfried has publicly declared her admiration for Anne Hathaway after the pair reportedly clashed over their Oscars dresses.
Immedia Group, which provides radio and in-store media for retailers, has launched its first radio station dedicated to its own employees.
Tehran - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to visit Afghanistan Wednesday, the Foreign Ministry in Tehran said Tuesday.
John, who believes in sperm donation, also wants to donate his own sperms for social cause.
The number of houses for rent has continued to rise according to new figures from the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors.
India is developing its first civilian aircraft, which would be a 70 to 90-seater plane catering to the regional aviation market, and a feasibility study is currently on, a top scientist said on Tuesday.
The housing market is moving sideways and a full recovery is still years away, according to the latest Hometrack survey.
Rock County's unemployment rate dipped slightly in August, but the county remains Wisconsin's only metropolitan area in double digits.
Jose ``Boom Bat'' Negrete is going to take the stand this afternoon in his own defense after mulling it over whether or not he should dispute the charges against him.
A 7-year-old girl was injured in a head-on collision just two miles south of Savannah, Mo., late Sunday, according to the Missouri State Highway Patrol.
YouTube has acquired RightsFlow, a firm that deals in royalty payments for songwriters and music publishers.
St George Illawarra Dragons winger Jason Nightingale admits he's feeling no pressure ahead of the Four Nations tournament opener against Australia on Saturday.
In short, the EPA has agreed to set a legal limits on how much nutrient pollution can run off into Florida waterways.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have recalled forward Connor James and defenseman Alex Goligoski from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on an emergency basis, it was announced today by Executive Vice President/General Manager Ray Shero.
Congressman Connie Mack announced today that he has officially filed for re-election and will continue to fight in Congress for the principles of less taxing, less spending, less government and more freedom.
Venture capitalist and United Football League founder Bill Hambrecht said Michael Vick deserves a second chance to play football after serving jail time on charges related to dogfighting.
Publishing houses Random House and Penguin are to merge, with current owners Bertelsmann and Pearson respectively taking a 57/43% stake in the new joint venture.
THE states will be graded on avoidable hospital deaths, infection rates and out-of-pocket treatment costs under a national health overhaul.
General Motors is expected to announce today that it will begin repaying its debt to the United States next month, years earlier than required.
Transport Canada issued its latest recall notice Monday, affecting owners of vehicles made by Toyota, Lexus, Ford, Chevrolet, BMW, Dodge, Maserati, Mazda and Bentley.
President Omar al-Bashir has long been accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Gavin Rees and Andy Murray comfortably made the weight ahead of their European lightweight title clash at the Motorpoint Arena in Cardiff tonight live on Sky Sports.
Former Rail minister Lalu Prasad Yadav celebrated Chhat Puja in Delhi.
Parliament in Thursday's special session overwhelmingly approved a proposal to extend parliament term from four to six years and referred the project to a special committee to study it within 60 days.
A Georgia man has been sentenced to more than three years in prison for an immigration scheme in which he was convicted of taking a $100,000 bribe.
The Boston Bruins announced that they have promoted Don Sweeney to assistant general manager.
President Asif Ali Zardari on Wednesday conferred civil and military awards on outstanding individuals at an investiture ceremony held here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr.
A stalker stabbed a college student on Medical Road in the capital's East Jurain yesterday.
MEL GIBSON has fled to his adopted Costa Rica with a mystery blonde to avoid the fuss caused by news of his divorce.
A search of the home of Joey Henson, 55, on Johnson Road in London, led to his arrest Tuesday.
Fortinet has launched a new authorized training center at Tech Pacific India training facility in Kanjurmarg, Mumbai.
Adam Booth has issued a statement claiming David Haye hopes his fight with Wladimir Klitschko is only postponed and not cancelled.
Northern Ireland is being ``held to ransom protesters'' angry at the decision to stop the Union flag hanging over the City Hall, according to the Secretary of State.
The flat decks in India no longer worry our pacers, said the South Africa captain Graeme Smith as he attributed Dale Steyn's devastating form in the first cricket Test against India to a changed mindset of not letting conditions dictate bowling.
Cory Monteith's played a drug addict in his last film, according to the Huffington Post.
Plainville High School students Brittany Rogan and Sam Hausman were recognized for outstanding accomplishments in music at the April 11, 2011 Plainville Board of Education meeting.
The FBI arrested a prominent local senator in Puerto Rico on Thursday after a federal grand jury indicted him on 32 counts including bribery, wire fraud and money laundering, officials said.Sen.
During a ceremony held at Hamburg, Germany, Shanghai Airlines has taken delivery of its first Airbus aircraft, an A321, becoming th latest new operator of Airbus aircraft.
Two mothers died within 24 hours of each other from an identical infection after giving birth at the same hospital and on the same day, an inquest heard today.
Although YouTube star Rebecca Black has seen her fair share of praise and criticism, Black can now lay claim to surpassing both Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber in YouTube views with her song ``Friday,`` which has more than 200 million looks. According to Hollywood Reporter, Rebecca Black has garnered more YouTube views than Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber despite some of the negative things that fans and critics have said about the unexpected YouTube star. HR reports that Visible Measures, a company that tracks web videos, indicates that the YouTube video for ''Friday`` has amassed more than 200 million views. The YouTube views for Rebecca Black are 20 million more than ''Born This Way`` by Lady Gaga at 180 million and 135 million more than the YouTube views of ''Pray`` by Justin Bieber, which sits at 65 million.
No. 3 Brigham Young dismissed starting forward Brandon Davies from the program for the remainder of the season, citing a violation of the school's honor code.
India were knocked out of the Twenty20 World Cup as they lost to Sri Lanka in their last Group F match of Super Eights .
New Delhi, July 7 A 23-year-old journalism student allegedly committed suicide in his residence in north-west Delhi, police said today.
Newman, who will drive the US Army 236th Birthday Chevrolet, honoring NASCAR Hall of Famer Bud Moore in Sunday's Sprint Cup race at Michigan International Speedway, enjoyed and marveled at another Army experience Wednesday.
Jake Gyllenhaal hoped more women would flirt with him after he piled on the muscle for 'Prince of Persia:
McDowell apologized Wednesday in a statement released by the Braves, but Ken Rosenthal of FOXSports.com writes this morning that he is ``almost certain'' to be suspended by major league baseball.
US President Barack Obama said on Thursday that he supports the free market economic system, a move to seek support for his efforts to revive the ailing economy.
Five main creditors of Transmile Group Bhd met yesterday to appoint receivers for the beleaguered air cargo company, indicating a firm resolve by these parties to wind up the company, reliable sources said.
BankUnited Inc., the lender acquired by a group of buyout firms after it was shut by regulators in 2009, raised $783 million in an initial public offering, or 19 percent more than it sought.
A House panel approved $10.5 billion Wednesday for Special Operations Command and its Navy SEALs unit that has been widely praised for the bold mission to take out terrorist leader Osama bin Laden.
A woman is recovering Monday after she said she was attacked at her North Natomas home.
Beavers recoup after oil spill help Updated: 13:56, Thursday March 28, 2013 A group of at least six beavers have emerged as key players in helping contain a Utah oil leak that left half of them with severe burns.
Trinidad and Tobago has passed the British visa waiver test, and nationals wanting to visit the United Kingdom will not have to get a visa after all.
Indian consular teams are scheduled to visit Abha and Jizan on Sept. 8 to provide consular services to the Indian nationals.
A Victor teen was charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct around 10 pm Sept. 7, after an alleged incident at her home, said Ontario County sheriff's deputies.
Former Cherries bosses Harry Redknapp and Kevin Bond will take Spurs to Dean Court on Friday, July 17.
Authorities are comparing fires in Burlington and Keokuk to see if there are any ties between.
Canadian employers are laying out the welcome mat for new hirings.
THE pilot of the balloon that crashed in New Zealand, killing all on board, had cannabis in his system, according to an interim report on the crash.
The World Bank has approved a $62 million US grant to improve aviation in the Pacific region.
Chinese telecom firm ZTE said Thursday it swung to a net loss in the third quarter due to weaker demand amid the global economic slowdown.
Early press reports said Lighty died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in his Bronx apartment.
Jaipur, Jun 29 A dairy chairperson was today arrested for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 10,000 in Rajasthan's Udaipur city, anti-corruption bureau sources said.
Three Georgia school districts are converting to charter systems on Friday.
Gov. David Paterson is expected to make his first visit to Rochester tomorrow for two events.
COUNCILLORS have struck a blow against centralisation of services by agreeing to set up their own tourist board to retain control over the promotion of Shetland as a holiday destination.
Allergies affect many people in the gateway city and maybe even more now with the rain.
A homeless woman sleeping in Nokomis Community Park reported to authorities that she was raped by an unknown man late Sunday night.
Brighton boss Gus Poyet called Leeds counterpart Neil Warnock a ``hypocrite'' after the two managers disagreed over a penalty award during Friday's 2-2 draw.
Manchester United are unlikely to sign new players in the January transfer window although talks continue with Partizan Belgrade duo Zoran Tosic and Adam Ljajic, the club said yesterday.
€1 million in cash blew through the streets of a Belgian town after a safe burst open.
Roma summer signing Bojan Krkic has heaped praise on team-mate Francesco Totti, stating that the club captain remains a very important player for the Serie A side.
Finance Minister Kaoru Yosano says Japan will consider new steps to halt a Tokyo market plunge.
After the American Idol 7 Charleston, South Carolina auditions, the new reality game show The Moment Of Truth premieres on FOX.
Republic Bancorp Inc. has raised its common stock dividend by 7 percent, to 15.6 cents per Class A share and 15 cents per Class B share.
Singer DEMI LOVATO was left red-faced when she forgot the lyrics to her own song HEART ATTACK during a live TV performance on Wednesday.
Captain Morgan is in Detroit at Comerica Park to invite fans to his big 375-ish birthday bash
A great white shark washed up on the shore of the northeast state of Rhode Island early on Saturday.
Nick Markakis, who won his first Gold Glove award yesterday, told Brittany Ghiroli of MLB.com that he's about 75 percent recovered from a pelvic bone bruise suffered late in the season.
Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was charged with first-degree murder Wednesday in the death of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old acquaintance whose bullet-riddled body was found less than a mile from the football player's home in North Attleborough, Mass.
In a mere few hours, Apple CEO, Steve Jobs will take the stage at the Moscone Center in San Francisco and unveil the iPhone 4G.
A man accused of stealing a gun during a burglary was arrested Tuesday morning.
AMY Poehler says she wants Bill Murray to star on her TV show Parks and Recreation.
Canadian housing starts rose less-than-expected in January, industry data showed on Tuesday.
Asset manager Waddell & Reed Financial Inc said it agreed to sell its Legend investment unit to broker dealer First Allied Holdings Inc to focus on its core asset management business.
India and China should address each other's ``concerns and sensitivities'' on issues impinging security and well being, External Affairs Minister SM Krishna said Monday.
A former Ness City man was sentenced to life in prison Tuesday for rape and aggravated criminal sodomy under Jessica's Law.
Pakistani student was detained in Chile after the explosives detectors went off when he entered the US embassy, Chilean and US authorities said.
IBM announced on Thursday that it was buying Algorithmics, a risk analytics company, for $387 million, expanding its services for financial institutions.
Luminus Devices Inc of Billerica, MA, USA, which manufactures PhlatLight LEDs for illumination applications, has appointed David Rubin as director of sales for North America.
Paris Saint-Germain signed Brazilian national soccer team defender Thiago Silva from AC Milan.
BetWay has confiscated €700 from a player that it claims wagered in shared environments.
MEXICO could lift its swine flu alert by mid-June, the health minister said today, maintaining the death toll at 97 and raising the number of cases by more than 200 to 5240.
The Turkish foreign minister said on Monday that Israel should apologize to the international community and the families of those killed and wounded in the Israeli attack on ships carrying aid to Gaza.
Ex-Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic has settled into a UN prison to await his war crimes trial, following completion of medical tests, a court official said yesterday.
Cash for clunkers is ending this Monday because the government has ran out of money to support the very popular program.Despite the $3 billion that was put aside by Congress for Cash for Clunkers Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood revealed that it will shut down on Monday and added:
The Queen has 'joined' Facebook with the launch of a British Monarchy page on the social networking site.
``You can't have a conversation if they won't talk to you,'' which translates to, if you don't make marketing a part of your business plan you wont have the sales you want.
Anti-gay former Rep. Jack Kemp has died of cancer at age 73.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by Brent Hodges, Raleigh, NC, for an ``early defect removal model.''
Tesco Bank has selected FICO, a provider of analytics and decision management technology, for provide collections, risk and fraud solutions for its banking platforms.
Southeast largest telco SingTel has joined part of a group to invest US$13 million in mobile video services startup Vuclip.
CUBA marked 50 years of communism and the defeat of the CIA-backed Bay of Pigs invasion on Saturday as it opened a critical Communist Party Congress likely to enshrine some economic change.
Hedge funds launches in 2011 increased to the highest level since 2007, as investors and managers positioned for 2012 amid intense volatility and macroeconomic uncertainty, reported Hedge Fund Research Inc. Hedge funds launches totaled 1,113 in 2011, including 270 in 4Q11, the highest calendar year total since 1,197 funds launched in 2007.
Kitsap County sheriff's deputies say two young would-be robbers are zero for three in the Port Orchard area.
A roadside bomb hit a bus carrying a family returning from a funeral in southern Iraq on Tuesday, killing at least 14 people, Iraqi police and the British military said.
A 36-year-old German man named Markus was boiled alive in a soup vat owned by a subsidiary of Campbell's.
A double-hulled tanker collided with a foreign vessel off the coast of the Port of Manila early Thursday morning, the Philippine Coast Guard said.
Armenian youth football team left for Tbilisi where in September 7 will be held its last meeting in the frameworks of the 2011 Europe championship.
Prime Minister Boiko Borisov and accompanying Bulgarian government delegation has concluded a two-day visit to France.
``One death,'' the dictator is reported to have said, ``is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.''
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett on Monday announced a holiday care package drive for Wisconsin armed forces stationed in Iraq.
Air New Zealand will achieve a world first in inflight entertainment this month when it hosts a golf putting contest at 30,000ft.
Cuban slugging power house Yoenis Cespedes has finally signed with the Oakland Athletics after media attention increased as he is being pursued by the Miami Marlins.
Cleveland Indians two-time all-star closer Chris Perez, charged with misdemeanour possession after marijuana was mailed to his home in his dog's name, told drug agents he had pot for personal use and pointed out two jars, according to investigative reports.
Crane Co., a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products, today announced that it has commenced its tender offer for Merrimac Industries, Inc..
Apple has updated the MacBook Air with next generation processors, high-speed Thunderbolt I/O technology, a backlit keyboard and Mac OS X Lion.
Napatech today released new time synchronization features that will allow extremely accurate packet time stamping.
However, he did greet the president upon his arrival at Mitchell International Airport.
IUP climbed one spot to No. 4 in the latest National Association of Basketball Coaches NCAA Division II poll released Tuesday.
Despite Derek Anderson's abysmal numbers that would get most quarterbacks benched, Browns coach Eric Mangini is sticking with him over Brady Quinn.
The Salvation Army in Reno hosted its community Christmas dinner on Saturday at the group's center off Sutro Street.
The sense of order that rules the Chinese Internet has been seriously scrambled by ``water army,'' and their profusion of fake information.
Huveaux is selling its education division to Harper Collins Publishers for £10m.
Young sex slaves are being trafficked from Montreal into southern Ontario, QMI Agency has discovered.
Rap mogul Jay-Z is to be sued by an airline company after he failed to pay for 18 hours of on-flight service.
New Delhi, Nov 2 Delhi may get a new police chief after the high profile visit of US President Barack Obama with incumbent YS Dadwal moving to a new assignment, informed sources said Tuesday.
Lawmakers resolved their differences on tax and health care measures and moved to wrap up a special session on Tuesday.
The sugar substitute xylitol, often found in gummy bears, may help prevent tooth decay by lowering levels of a harmful bacteria found in children's plaque, researchers suggest.
The New York Yankees today announced they have claimed right-handed pitcher Dan Otero off waivers from the San Francisco Giants.
The Carolina Panthers cut Jake Delhomme late Thursday, just one year after they gave him a lucrative contract extension only to watch him have his worst season as a pro.
The Dalai Lama said today he will give up his political role in the Tibetan government-in-exile and shift that power to an elected representative, as the 76-year-old Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader struggles with growing worries about who will succeed him when he dies.
The mother of a black teenager whose killing by a neighbourhood watch volunteer sparked a race row in the US said she believed he was ``murdered in cold blood''.
Chinese journalists and news organizations have been told to improve awareness of the national situation with better coverage of grassroots stories.
Tottenham full-back Benoit Assou-Ekotto is set to miss most of January after suffering a groin strain, boss Harry Redknapp has confirmed.
The US Food and Drug Administration said Cubist Pharmaceuticals is warning that an industrial chemical has been found in the antibiotic Cubicin.
Federal prosecutors say a Florida man accused of running a $880 million Ponzi scheme used proceeds from duped investors to fund a lifestyle so lavish he had a university athletic lounge named after him and once bought a professional athlete a pair of diamond-studded handcuffs.
``Two and a Half Men'' star Jon Cryer yesterday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and thanked former co-star Charlie Sheen and the show's co-creators for intervening during last season when troubles arose.
Baylor coach Scott Drew has been publicly reprimanded by the Big 12 for his comments after last week's loss to Texas A&M.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck is pregnant again according to her own announcement.
State-run Coal India will float global tenders for setting up washeries, 18 of which have already been identified, with an expected expenditure of around Rs 1,500 crore.
An elderly Charleston man has been indicted by a federal grand jury for producing child pornography.
Police said county health inspectors found marijuana Wednesday in the walk-in cooler of Tony's Pizza and Wings near 16th Street and Thomas Road.
A 32-year-old cyclist was injured in an accident involving a Blueline bus near India Gate today, police said today.
MORE than 70 families in Oshakati have already been relocated to the Oshoopala Flood Victim Relocation Centre after the recent heavy rain flooded their houses.
This makes Norway's anti-DRM complaint against Apple is essentially moot at this point - indeed, Norway announced on Wednesday that it had dropped its legal complaints against Apple.
A former Norman Public School district teaching assistant was charged Thursday with soliciting sexual conduct with a minor.
The 49ers plan to use first-round pick Michael Crabtree at split end, Josh Morgan's old position.
Foreclosure properties across the US soared in number in September, based on the Mortgage Monitor October report from LPS.
Courtney Cox has revealed that she feels ``closer than ever'' to David Arquette since they split up.
A conservative group plans to launch a new TV ad targeting Maine Sen. Olympia Snowe and other Republican senators working with Democrats on health care reform.
Bath MP Don Foster has called for a levy on single-use plastic carrier bags.
Reports indicate that Industry Minister Tony Clement put the CRTC on notice that if they do not rescind the decision to implement a cap on consumer Internet usage, the feds will intervene.
Ralph Vacchiano of the New York Daily News believes the Giants will make one last push for Braylon Edwards on Saturday.
Chandigarh, June 30 More water would be released from Bhakra and Pong dams after the level in their reservoirs increased in the last few days, an official said Tuesday much to the relief of Punjab and Haryana paddy farmers.
Shriners are weighing their legal options to prevent Live Nation from renaming their building in downtown Indianapolis, which has been known for 100 years as the Murat.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev will visit China in late September, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said after an official visit in Beijing on Friday.
The Michael Jackson tribute concert, set to take place this month in Vienna, has been postponed till next year and will be rescheduled in London.
Mystery surrounds a crash in which a 63-year-old woman died after her car hit a tree in Riverton last night.
Intel Corp. was fined a record $1.45 billion by the European Union on Wednesday for using strong-arm sales tactics in the computer chip market, a penalty that could turn up the pressure on US regulators to go after the company, too.
Petrol prices may be hiked by up to Re 1 a litre this week as the rupee ended just above its 10-month low making oil imports costlier.
Honda Canada Inc. reported combined October sales of 11,303 units by its Honda and Acura divisions, unchanged from last year.
All-rounder Chris Morris will replace Morne Morkel in the Proteas side at the Champions Trophy.
Climatologist Lucka Kajfez Bogataj said at a panel in Portoroz Tuesday that electricity in Slovenia was too cheap and that use of electric cars was not the right solution.
Wisconsin conservatives are mourning the death of Jack Kemp, the former NFL quarterback who became a congressman and Bob Dole's 1996 running mate.
A council chief executive was cleared today of raping a female colleague he met when she was drunk in a bar.
Union Minister and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah today said mistakes committed in the past led to the exodus of Kashmiri Hindus from Jammu and Kashmir as also to the prevailing political uncertainty in the state.
The Indian Navy has acquired its ``rightful place'' in the Indian Ocean but has a huge responsibility of protecting the nation's strategic and diplomatic interests, Defence Minister AK Antony said Friday.
Two people died Saturday night after wrecks on the same highway in Spartanburg County.
After one of the most successful campaigns in school history, men's hockey head coach Dave Burkholder has agreed to a contract extension, Director of Athletics Ed McLaughlin announced on Thursday.
As expected, the Western Collegiate Hockey Association announced it unanimously accepted Northern Michigan University to join the league in the 2013-14.
By Rhett Bollinger / MLB.com The Red Sox held a light hour-long workout Thursday at Angel Stadium to get warmed up for Friday night's game against the Angels, which begins a three-game series.
India, out of semi-final race, look to win their last Pool B match against South Africa in the Hockey World Cup.
Lauryn Hill could face jail time after failing to file three years' worth of tax returns.
The Wareham Gatemen let a 3-1 lead in the third inning slip away in a 6-4 loss to Brewster as the Whitecaps scored two runs each in the fifth and seventh innings to seal the Cape Cod Baseball League victory.
Vegetable growers in Portugal will hand out their produce for free to restore consumer confidence, ITAR-TASS reported.
Aid agencies have warned that Gaza faces a ``humanitarian crisis'' unless Israel lifts its blockade.
ANNA BLIGH has been accused of politicising the public service by asking school principals and health staff to work for free at a series of forums.
Michele Bachmann, the Republican presidential candidate, has lost her campaign manager and his deputy, underlining the difficulty she faces in overcoming opponents Rick Perry and Mitt Romney.
A pilot has been sentenced to probation for lying to federal investigators after his plane crash-landed at Wilmington International Airport in 2009.
Don Hewitt, the legendary mastermind of CBS News'``60 Minutes, is battling pancreatic cancer.
Two new studies show commute times are dropping in the Puget Sound Region.
Johnson Outdoors Inc., the Racine-based manufacturer of Minn Kota motors, Humminbird fish finders and Old Town canoes, said Wednesday that it is restructuring its watercraft business, affecting 17 US jobs.
Yossi Benayoun is expected to leave Anfield this summer but Liverpool FC have yet to receive an approach for the Israel international.
Iranian First Vice President Parviz Davoudi has announced that Iran will invest $200 billion in its oil and gas sectors over the next five years.
A deer got its head stuck in a fence at a cemetery in Bangor.
Michael Lohan has been arrested for violating a restraining order by contacting his ex-girlfriend Erin Muller.
Wheelchair tennis star Vergeer retires Updated: 23:47, Tuesday February 12, 2013 Dutch wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer announced her retirement on Tuesday after an astonishing unbroken run of 470 wins spanning more than 10 years.
Ronan Keating has admitted to making mistakes as a judge on TV'sThe X Factor.
``The market may open and trade lower tracking weak Asian stocks, the day after a strong rally helped by a coordinated central bank action to cut the cost of funds in money markets. Trading of S&P CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates a fall of 9.50 points at the opening bell,`` said Swastika Investmart.
Libyan tribal leaders will meet in Rome in the next few days to discuss the North African country's future, the Italian foreign minister said Thursday.
Panda Security, The Cloud Security Company, today launches its new, ultra-light 2010 consumer solutions, which include Panda Antiivrus for Netbooks, Panda Antivirus Pro 2010, Panda Internet Security 2010, and Panda Global Protection 2010.
A police sniffer dog has died from nose cancer after years of smelling cocaine for work.
On the heels of the recent release of Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull word comes down the pike from CBS Films that Harrison Ford will star in Crowley for CBS Films in the role of a maverick scientist.
JLS have missed out on making chart history after a blunder by the Official Charts Company.
Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations Akylbek Aitbaev will meet today afternoon with NATO Special Representative for Caucasus and Central Asia Robert Simmons.
A week after being released by the Houston Rockets, Marqus Blakely returned to the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development League.
Student Senate held their first meeting of the 2009-10 academic year Sunday night at 6 pm in the River Valley Room of the Memorial Union.
The Conference Board Leading Economic Index for the US rose 0.2 percent in January to 94.1, following a 0.5 percent increase in December and no change in November.
Investors should take data showing currency speculators started to bet against the US dollar this month for the first time since March with a big grain of salt.
Saints cornerback Jabari Greer has a bruised left leg but should return to the game.
Charlottesville-based WorldStrides has opened a new office in Shanghai, China.
College Football Performance Awards today announced its 2011 DI FBS & FCS annual and career recipients.
A plush insect toy sold at Dollar Tree stores has been recalled, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission.
It has been found that the citizen of Moldova promoted banned religious belief in Azerbaijan, APA reports quoting the website of the Interior Ministry.
A BIRMINGHAM MP is on the hunt for war veterans to share their stories with today's teenagers.
While the couple has gone through a lot, putting their marriage in a very vulnerable position, an article in People has verified that Kendra and Hank are not divorcing.
Duke Energy will release its second quarter 2011 earnings results at 7 am ET on Tuesday, Aug. 2.
With Americans being much more intelligent with their money after the ``Great Recession'' it comes as no surprise to see many searches for high yield checking, savings and bank accounts at local community banks.
An American Airlines flight from Newark, NJ, to Dallas made an emergency landing at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport after a warning light in the cockpit indicated the rear slide might have deployed.
PSA Peugeot Citroen have chosen TomTom as their global provider of location and navigation content and services for their infotainment systems.
The butter sculpture in the Dairy Products Building will be unveiled later this morning.
Mumbai: 94.3 My FM is going to celebrate World Music Day on 21 June across its 17 stations.
Dutch lender Rabobank is to price its $2 billion, tier 1, hybrid bond at 8.4%, one of the banks running the sale said Wednesday.
Jennifer Aniston has revealed her huge engagement ring after being spotted embracing fiance Justin Theroux in Sante Fe, New Mexico.
The US military estimates that Air Force One costs the taxpayers $181,757 per hour to run.
Aid agencies warn of 'human avalanche' in Sri Lanka as civilians caught in war between government and Tamil Tiger rebels Thousands continue to flee Sri Lanka war zone in Colombo guardian.co.uk , Wednesday April BST Thousands flee Sri Lanka war zone Link to
Jonathan Yardley will visit Giles County Thursday as part of The Big Read's focus on F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel, ``The Great Gatsby.''
The application for a controversial skilled nursing facility on Route 571 near the Renaissance retirement community has been withdrawn, Manchester Mayor Michael Fressola announced Friday afternoon.
Analogue chip vendor Intersil is to cut its workforce by about 11% as part of its plan to cut costs and revamp its product portfolio.
Seven Fort McMurray apartment buildings less than a decade old have been evacuated due to foundation problems.
Oscar-winning director Oliver Stone says he loves Indian cinema because of its flexibility to switch between comedy, romance and tragedy in a single story.
The only benchmark I would need is how fast I can get my work done on the computer in front of me.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was laid to rest alongside slain brothers John and Robert on hallowed ground at Arlington National Cemetery, celebrated for ``the dream he kept alive'' across the decades since their deaths.
When he's not playing basketball with a busted digit or getting his Lakers ready for the playoffs, Kobe has time to jump over Aston Martin's.
Jermain Defoe is desperate to impress for Tottenham this season to ensure he does not miss out on next summer's World Cup finals.
President Professor Dr Iajuddin Ahmed said Tuesday that the whole nation is marching towards holding general election scheduled for December 18.
A Lakeland woman was arrested Nov. 21 after taking the fall for her drug-toting boyfriend, a Lakeland police report said.
Sarah Jessica Parker is preparing for the birth of her twin daughters later this summer by stocking up on baby toys and clothes.
Pakistan, according to Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi, is willing to walk the ``proverbial extra mile'' with India in pursuit of peace, but for this the two countries need to return to the negotiating table with the political will to resolve all outstanding issues, including the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir, peacefully and in accordance with international law and morality.
LA Nina, the weather phenomenon widely blamed for withering drought in the southwestern US and South America, might last longer than expected, into the Northern Hemisphere spring, the US Climate Prediction Centre warned on Thursday.
Tim Holland, a world backgammon champion who was one of the most prominent competitors in the game's modern heyday, has died.
Tundra Lodge Resort and Water Park hosted homeless families today.
Horses pre-entered in the 14 Breeders' Cup races to be run Oct. 24-25 at Santa Anita will face drug testing ahead of racing's richest event.
Atlanta Ballet will hold open auditions for ``Nutcracker'' on Sunday, Sept. 7, at Atlanta Ballet's Midtown studios at 1400 W. Peachtree St. Parking is on Spring Street directly across from the Centre for Puppetry Arts.
A Newalla man faces a felony assault charge, following an alleged attack on his wife and brother-in-law, after his wife told the man about an extramarital affair.
Media regulator Ofcom is to axe 170 jobs and cut its £143m budget by 28.2% as it faces up to the government's spending review.
Rutgers coach C. Vivian Stringer will receive an honorary degree from the University of Iowa.
An Onslow County elementary school teacher charged with providing alcohol to minors is due in court Tuesday.
Business Secretary Vince Cable visited Esher library on Friday, June 11, to talk about his book The Storm, which analyses the global economic crisis.
Ceramic Fuel Cells has raised 3.8m through a placing and subscription and plans to launch a rights issue and offer to existing investors.
KFOR demands unconditional freedom of movement for its troops, EULEX members, other institutions and citizens, says KFOR Spokesman Uwe Nowitzki.
The Pharmaceutical Society of Ghana is marking this year's World Health Day on the theme: ``Antimicrobial resistance: No action today, no cure tomorrow.''
Christina Aguilera on Monday canceled plans for a summer concert tour blaming work on a new film and an upcoming album that squeezed rehearsal time, according to a statement from her spokeswoman.
OAO Severstal announced an increase in its shareholding of Crew Gold Corporation and further operational data for its gold business.
P!nk has topped a list of the most played artists in Australia for the third year in a row.
Former Montana Senator Conrad Burns has registered as a lobbyist for the American Quarter Horse Association.
On Monday, the city of Seattle will significantly boost the number of ``pothole rangers'' out repairing rough roads.
The former US First Lady Betty Ford, whose triumph over drug and alcohol addiction became a beacon of hope for addicts and the inspiration for her clinic in California, has died aged 93.
Camera-maker Polaroid, the inventors of instant photography, has filed for US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection amid allegations of fraud by the founder of its parent group.
USD Continues to Gain on Return to Risk Aversion The USD continued to advance Tuesday against major currencies as a measure of US consumer confidence registered an unexpected decline for October.
Some 200 Iraqi Shiites performed an important annual pilgrimage in southern Jordan on Friday because violence in their home country made it too dangerous to return.
A new study by researchers at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center is the first to refute the widely held belief that intentional weight loss in older adults leads to increased risk of death.
Government on Monday ruled out amending the abortion laws in consideration of cases like that of Niketa Mehta who wanted to terminate her 26-week pregnancy as the child would be born with a congenital heart defect.
SumAll, an online data analytics tool for e-commerce business owners, has integrated its platform with PayPal, allowing all current PayPal users access to deep business intelligence about their stores.
HouseMAXX™ expands across Canada ... with the changing real estate market people are saving thousands in real estate commissions via professional private sale services.
Ubisoft has confirmed that the much-rumoured Assassin's Creed 2 is in development and will be out before the end of the publisher's financial year -- or more likely -- in time for Christmas.
Just two days after formally announcing her separation from music executive Jordan Bratman, pop singer Christina Aguilera filed for divorce Thursday in Los Angeles, citing irreconcilable differences.
A new soup kitchen will open soon in Kosovska Mitrovica, northern Kosovo, as part of Serbia's soup kitchen system, representatives of the local government announced on Monday.
Bank of America plans to cut 16,000 jobs by the year-end in a major restructuring that would end its title as the biggest US banking industry's largest employer, The Wall Street Journal reports.
But Michaelle Jean, who was appointed in 2005 amid concerns she was a separatist, is leaving behind big shoes to fill and her successor could be unveiled as early as this June, when the Queen will be in Canada and could play a role in the announcement.
Jets tight end Jeff Cumberland has signed his one-year tender offer from the club.
Two young girls were arrested and produced before a Colombo Court for allegedly wandering in the streets at night in a way to lure people without a proper reason.
The US unemployment rate rose to a five-month high of 8.3 per cent in July, the government said on Friday.
Broncos coach Josh McDaniels isn't ready to turn to rookie quarterback Tim Tebow.
Fr Thomas Berry, an American Passionist monk who made it his life's work to explore the connection between humans and the earth, died on 1 June in the United States at the age of 94 years.
THE SCHOOL opened its doors in 1967 as a primary school serving newly built houses in the surrounding streets.
For the first time in three decades, Saudis in the nation's capital did something that most Westerners take for granted -- they went to the movies.
On May 25, 2012, His Excellency the Right Honourable David Johnston, Governor General of Canada, invested Bruce Kuwabara of Toronto, Ontario, as an Officer of the Order of Canada.
JOHANNESBURG is stepping up its measles vaccination campaign after more than 115 cases of the disease were reported in the city since September.
Non-profit groups will continue to pay full tipping fees at the Steuben County landfill, according to the county Legislature's Public Works Committee.
MITCHELL, SD Former President Bill Clinton campaigned today in Mitchell for his wife, telling the crowd that Hillary Rodham Clinton has gotten stronger as the campaign has gone on.
Khaleej Times) UAE shares retreated yesterday as declines in the US and European markets pushed sentiment lower in the Gulf region.
John McCain raised $27 million in July, his largest one-month fundraising haul since clinching the Republican presidential nomination, while the Republican National Committee brought in nearly $26 million.
European producer prices dropped the most in at least 28 years in June as oil prices fell and the recession prevented manufacturers from charging more.
UK stocks declined, trimming a monthly rally in the FTSE 100 Index, as Morgan Stanley analysts said British banks may be ``most impacted'' by the repercussions of Dubai's debt payment restructuring.
TROUBLED Farsley Celtic avoided tomorrow's winding up order with just hours to spare after being placed into administration this evening.
Clearwater firefighters are holding a fundraiser to raise funds for new rescue and extrication equipment.
BPO firm Genpact said it has significantly increased its presence in the Netherlands market a year after it acquired European company Accounting Plaza.
Pak team manager ``disappointed and frustrated over under performance'' in Lanka series Islamabad, Tue, 18 Aug 2009 ANI Islamabad, Aug.18:
Australian stocks are expected to open in positive territory on Monday in line with a rally on Wall Street.
The Mississippi River is expected to crest at 23.3 feet sometime Saturday, a lower estimate than predicted earlier this week.
A white supremacist from Austin accused of amassing several weapons and hundreds of rounds of ammunition as part of a plan to attack the government and minorities pleaded not guilty in US District Court last month and has a trial scheduled for July 16.
Sudan and South Sudan have agreed to restart oil exports, setting a two-week deadline for resuming the process of sending oil from South Sudan through pipelines in Sudan.
A giant blue fin tuna fetched $177,000 in an auction at the world's largest wholesale fish market in Japan.
Dow Chemical Co. said Monday it will slash 5,000 full-time jobs -- about 11 per cent of its total work force -- close 20 plants and sell several businesses to reign in costs amid the economic recession.
Natalie Portman has admitted that she struggled to leave her character behind at the end of the day because she worked so hard training for the role.
Hostess Brands said in bankruptcy court Friday that it expects to sell off its snack cakes and bread brands to separate buyers as it narrows down the bids it has received.
Patrick Vieira is one of Mourinho's admirers and said to L'Equipe: ``Mourinho gives us the serenity that we didn't have in the past.
CDS Global, one of the nation's largest billing and remittance processing providers, announces the acquisition of PayDQ, a leading provider of Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment solutions.
The Sydney Financial second mortgage program is helping homeowners find security during this time of national economic instability.
The Vice President of India Shri M. Hamid Ansari was enumerated for the second phase of Census 2011 here today.
Seoul, April 5 Samsung Electronics estimated Friday the record level of operating profit for the first quarter.
US network NBC is to remake Prime Suspect, the award-winning ITV police drama in which Helen Mirren played a detective battling against the prejudices of her colleagues as well as trying to solve murder cases.
Sir Lanka completed their 2 nd win in the Tri nation one day tournament at home, as they beat New Zealand by 3 wickets at the Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium.
Ford Explorer owners have won a class action lawsuit after their sport utility vehicles lost value due to a perceived rollover danger, NBC 7/39 reported.
Northern shut out Southern 4-0 Tuesday at Southern High School on the strength of four first-half goals.
Sharpe, who satirized everything from apartheid to academe in a series of best-sellers, has died at the age of 85.
Young Dreams are a symphonic pop band.They have revealed their new video for current single First Days of Something.
Toilet paper hanging from the Toomer's Oaks on the campus of Auburn University caught fire early this morning.
There is a new drug dealer in town, and it may be in the last place you expect - in your own home.
India launched its first unmanned moon mission following in the footsteps of rival China.
The global financial crisis has little impact on the 2010 Shanghai Expo, senior Shanghai officials said Tuesday.
A Vancouver woman in her 20s whose car plunged into the Serpentine River in Surrey on the morning of Feb. 28, submerging her in five metres of water for more than an hour, has died.
Two years after launching a controversial foray into selling hand-held gadgets to consumers, Cisco Systems said Tuesday that it will close its Flip video camera business and cut 550 jobs, as it turns its focus back to selling networking gear and other tech products to businesses and public agencies.
Soles4Souls will hand out free new shoes at the Tennessee State Fairgrounds from 10 am to 2 pm on Tuesday, May 11.
PC to PC calls are based on the Voice over Internet Protocol technology.
Strong winds and heavy rain knocked out power to hundreds of thousands in the Northeast, while diverting international flights and toppling a boom crane at an Atlantic City casino construction site.
Italian tyre manufacturer Pirelli has recently confirmed that hard and soft tyres will be used in the upcoming British Grand Prix, which will take place on July 10, 2011 at the Silverstone circuit.
A poacher has been arrested and two deer carcass seized from his possession in the district, police said here.
Blackpool striker Billy Clarke admits his frustration with the slow progress of his recovery from injury.
Google is set to introduce on Tuesday a new Web browser designed to more quickly handle video-rich or other complex Web programs, posing a challenge to browsers designed originally to handle text and graphics.
A Morris County man pleaded guilty Monday to charges of attempted luring and attempted endangerment, involving two underage girls in online chat rooms.
Property magnate and former Leeds United director Simon Morris has been bailed after being arrested for alleged fraud and money laundering.
Samsung chairman keeps fortune Updated: 19:12, Friday February 1, 2013 The chairman of Samsung Electronics will keep his fortune and control of the Samsung conglomerate after a South Korean court ruled against his older brother in an inheritance battle.
Manchester City youth player Courtney Meppen-Walter has been jailed for 16 months for causing the deaths of two people by careless driving.
Declan Kidney has insisted that Ireland can finish their Six Nations campaign strongly despite back-to-back defeats.
A Silver Alert has been cancelled out of Robeson County for a missing elderly woman who has ties to Bladen County.
29-year old Season Three Contender winner Sakio Bika of Cameroon was too big and too good on Thursday night at the Dunkin Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island, walking through 27-year old hometown favorite and Season One runner-up Peter Manfredo in three rounds.
The Raiders have hired Jim Michalczik as their offensive coordinator, according to ESPN.
Safewalk, a University of Calgary volunteer service in operation since 1995, will be cutting its number of volunteers.
12/08/10 Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that the message and essence of Ramazan is the concept of patience and sacrifice.
White House environmental adviser Van Jones resigned Saturday after weeks of controversy stemming from his past activism.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said despite financial constraints, the present government has spent unprecedented one point five trillion rupees on the development projects, adding that the time of wars has passed now the problems should be solved through dialogue.
Actor Rupert Grint has donated an original artwork of his to the Prince's Trust in the South West for the organization's inaugural Evening of Art.
The legendary comedian George Carlin died Sunday evening of heart failure at the age of 71.
More than 20 people were feared dead on Monday after a boat carrying about 40 sank in rough seas far off northwest Australia, sparking frantic rescue efforts by a passing merchant ship and fishing vessel.
Oklahoma unveiled the state's new driver's license today aimed at stopping identity fraud.
And believe me, an indignant FA will hit Adebayor hard.
Amidst a lot of hue and cry over his fitness and form, Anil Kumble finally hung up his boots, and announced his retirement minutes after the tea break surprising the cricketing fraternity.
Britain amended its universal jurisdiction law last week to require private individuals who seek arrest warrants for foreign government officials for human rights offenses to obtain the consent of Britain's director of public prosecutions.
Jason Isaacs is to star in a new BBC One drama based on Kate Atkinson's books featuring private investigator Jackson Brodie.
A MOTHER and her five-year-old son are to be sent back to Nigeria today despite fears that they will be killed.
Teenagers charged over railway fire Updated: 11:33, Sunday January 13, 2013 Two teenagers have been charged with lighting a fire in Sydney's west.
All My Children Actress Debbi Morgan opens up about battling Lyme disease for 15 years.
IT major Wipro and diversified group Siemens will exit the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty tomorrow.
Tetley has launched an online shop to give caterers the opportunity to create their own ``bespoke'' case of teas.
Chrysler is recalling about 469,000 Jeeps worldwide, including 295,345 units in the United States, due to a gearshift problem.
Lindsey Vonn of the United States won a World Cup super-combined race Saturday after nearly crashing during a jump in the downhill leg.
UK stocks advanced, led by basic- resources companies, as economic growth in Germany and France accelerated more than economists' had forecast and commodities climbed.
Tennessee authorities have invalidated the 18-month marriage of a transgender woman and a man, saying the state considers them both men.
Story: 92108 The Johnstown Tribune-Democrat newspaper reports the white-tailed deer crashed through the windshield of a public bus being driven Tuesday evening in Johnstown, about 65 miles east of Pittsburgh.
India has begun its first poverty alleviation project in China, sponsoring a farmers' training and information center in Ningxia.
The immigration invasion to which Britain is being subjected has added another £19 million per year to your tax bill to pay for translation services at schools -- for parents.
Nicki Minaj insists she is enjoying life without twitter, and is in two-minds about rejoining.
A former Fairfax County high school football coach and teacher pleaded guilty Thursday to dealing anabolic steroids.
Florencia Lozano will return to GENERAL HOSPITAL as Tea Delgado on Friday, September 7, according to a new report by Soap Opera Network, for an unspecified number of episodes.
FRESHLYGROUND, a South African Afro-fusion band billed to be the main act at the National Arts Merit Awards after party, is expected in Harare on Thursday, a day before the eighth edition of NAMA roars to life.
A prominent Uzbek human rights activist has been released from prison, just a month after he was sentenced to more than six years for fraud, a colleague said Friday.
A central New York recycling plant has been cited by the US Labor Department for 22 safety violations following an employee's death.
Vampires and wizards ruled the Teen Choice Awards in Los Angeles on but it was also a magical night for Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
A man found dead near a Rodeo creek late Monday night has been identified by the Contra Costa County coroner's office as Crockett resident Keith Claudino.
Regional bankholding company Synovus Financial Corp. says it will pay a quarterly cash dividend of 17 cents per share.
Toyota Motor Corp will end production at a California plant it has shared with General Motors for 25 years, prompting regret and criticism from labour and politicians facing more job losses in an industry and a state pummelled by recession.
THQ's officially announced the third Saints Row game at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco.
Lawrence makes a much awaited welcome return to the side since suffering the injury in round 3 against Canberra at Campbelltown Stadium.
A fake Census collector has bashed a man on the doorstep of his home in southwest Sydney, prompting police to warn people to check for identification.
An article in The Kansas City Times, Kansas City, Kan., offers tips on healthy snacking at work.
Monday, October 4 is the last day to register to vote in the November 2 General Election.
The police have initiated a suo motu case against Eastern Frontier Rifles personnel and their family members who were involved in the violence that rocked Salua on Wednesday and Thursday.
Private power group Ipsa has managed to find buyers for the four gas turbines that it initially acquired for a power project at Coega, near Port Elizabeth, the London-listed group said on Wednesday.
Rudolf Elmer has been arrested on fresh charges of breaching Swiss bank secrecy laws, after giving data to Wikileaks.
Norwich City boss chris Hughton has insisted that he does not envy the club's big spending rivals according to talkSport.
As expected Ron Paul won the CPAC straw poll with 37% followed by Mitt Romney with 31% and Gary Johnson with 21%.
First Division leaders Shelbourne slipped to a shock defeat at home to Wexford Youths on Friday as their lead at the top was slashed to just two points.
Agriculture Minister KP Mohanan has said that an agriculture zone will be formed in the state to ensure that the state becomes self-sustainable in vegetable production.
A man was seriously injured yesterday afternoon after being run over by a trailer, the Missouri Highway Patrol reported.
Watson keen to cash in with bat in India Updated: 16:28, Monday February 18, 2013 Australia's vice-captain Shane Watson is waiting.
Rep. Ulysses Jones Jr., described by colleagues as a passionate lawmaker and one of the first emergency officials to reach Elvis Presley when the entertainer died, has died in his hometown of Memphis.
A man with a knife robbed a south Lexington gas station early Monday, escaping with cash and merchandise, Lexington police said.
UK private mail delivery firm TNT Post has restructured its operational management team with the promotion of Jon Ormond to director of DSA operations, Dean Hulse to director of transport and Gary Robinson to director of end-to-end.
Alcoa Inc, the largest US aluminium producer, opened the US earnings reporting season with a return to profit on stronger demand for its products.
Joy Behar, a co-host on ABC's daytime talk show ``The View,'' has landed her own talk show on Current TV, the network announced on June 11.
Indian telecommunications operator Bharti Airtel has signed a five year partnership agreement with Manchester United.
Leaders Harrogate maintained their unbeaten record with a five wicket win at Sheffield Collegiate in the ECB Yorkshire League.
Los Angeles, Oct 29 Actress Reese Witherspoon is set to star in new comedy ''Sex Tape'' with Jason Segal.
Courtesy of Larry ``Major Nelson'' Hyrb, as of November 1st 2010, Microsoft are to raise the price of a subscription to Xbox LIVE in the UK, USA, Canada and Mexico.
Ricky Ponting says he is prepared to play with pain in his injured finger during the ICC World Cup campaign.
A MAGISTRATE has warned Collingwood bad boy Heath Shaw to curb his drinking or risk going to jail and ruining his AFL career.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirmed on Monday that he will stand for re-election on August 20, making official what had widely been expected.
Despite years of delay, an Arctic pipeline has ``never been closer'' to fruition, federal Environment Minister Jim Prentice said Wednesday.
A Dunmore firefighter suing the borough for defamation testified in federal court Tuesday that he was ``humiliated'' when news of his eight-day suspension in 2005 was made public.
Address Is Approximate, a stop-motion film made by Tom Jenkins from The Theory as a personal project.
A downtown restaurant has been shut down for repeatedly violating food temperature requirements and food safety regulations.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the Nobel Prize-winning author whose books chronicled the horrors of the Soviet gulag system, has died of heart failure, his son said.
At least 12 people were killed in three bomb attacks in Iraq on Monday, June 17, police and medics said, according to Reuters.
A Paris-bound Air France flight from Mumbai was forced to make an emergency landing in Mumbai on Monday after developing an engine problem, the airline and airport said.
Brett Lee has blamed food poisoning for his poor show on the India tour and claimed that he also lost some weight during the four-Test series.
NasJet, the private jet company in the Middle East and one of the top 20 in the world, announces revenues exceeding SR500m for 2012.
British Airways has announced a new Cancun route, with flights starting in November 2010.
A sewage explosion forced families from their mobile homes in the town of St. Martins.
A Schofield Barracks soldier on Monday pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges in the fatal shooting of a contractor last September in Iraq.
England's batting legend Geoffrey Boycott has warned that the lack of spectator interest is killing Test cricket, which requires radical changes to save it.
``I'm fascinated by (Britney.) The fact that she's one of the most talked about -- not just pop stars -- but people in the world today, means that you've got this star power,'' he said.
Hours before the UPA-Left Committee meeting to iron out differences on the Indo-US nuclear deal, the Left parties on wednesday rejected a compromise formula which would have allowed the government to finalise the safeguards agreement at the IAEA.
Professor Brian Cox, who scored ratings success with the BBC2's Wonders of the Solar System, is to deliver a lecture on making a big bang with science documentaries.
email Picayune has expanded its city limits in all directions, adding a total of 5.3 square miles to its boundaries.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that withdrawal of militants of the Kurdistan Workers' Party was the priority of Turkey, Trend reports.
A plea deal was entered Thursday for a Shelbyville High School cheer coach accused of having sex with a student.
The San Diego Padres today recalled Portland left-handed pitcher Joe Thatcher and designated left-handed pitcher Wil Ledezma for assignment.
The New York Mets could have a new manager in place by Thanksgiving Day.
WellPoint Inc. said Friday it will cut about 1,500 jobs, becoming the latest health insurer to take what analysts see as a tough-but-necessary step to cope with the recession.
Some mining companies have refused to pay the new mining royalties introduced last year, it has emerged.
Cadillac will re-launch its certified pre-owned program, with the idea of boosting dealership sales and raising resale value on Cadillacs.
Robert Mugabe has threatened to flood the world's diamond markets - despite being slapped down by the world's diamond control body.
An 11-year-old Romanian rape victim is to have an abortion today in an NHS hospital.
Kansas City Royals owner David Glass says there have been no discussions about selling the team, despite recent rumors to the contrary.
Clark Brands has added an electronic reader board option to its image program.
ST JOHN'S - Former international batsman Richie Richardson has been named the new West Indies team manager, the West Indies Cricket Board said on Saturday.
Iran is ready to deliver a preventive strike on any country if it threatens Iran with an attack.
The autopsy details of pop star Michael Jackson gives a horrifying picture of the singer at the time of his death - he was a virtual skeleton as he was barely eating, there were only pills in his stomach.
X Factor winner Alexandra Burke has revealed that she's in talks to support Beyonce on the European leg of her ``I Am'' tour.
Etihad Airways has won the best business class award following a global poll.
A cappella quartet Cadence is bringing its Juno Award-nominated sound to Clarkson.
Chief of staff of Armenian health ministry, Gagik Sahadian, has resigned after filing a relevant application, David Sarkisian, chief of the government staff, told a Cabinet session today.
Gardena, California-based Digital Manga Publishing recently announced that they are seeking submissions of original manga, graphic novels, short stories and prose novels in all genres from ``aspiring and professional creators'' for eManga.com, their online manga rental website.
In order to make these changes a success, and to ensure that we deliver the best possible tennis experience to you, we need your help in letting us know what makes a great event.
Danish driver Allan Simonsen has died after a horror crash at the wheel of an Aston Martin at the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race on Saturday, organisers reported.
Oil rose for the first time in a week as an almost $1 trillion loan plan by European policy makers to end the region's sovereign-debt crisis caused global stocks to rally and signaled energy demand may strengthen.
Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee on Saturday appealed to her partymen to lead a peaceful agitation on Sunday at Singur, the site of the Tata Motors small car plant.
WASHINGTON The White House says its high-profile garden on the South Lawn has tested positive for lead although it is not at dangerous levels.
``It is wrong that there are no women on the BBC Sports Personality of the Year shortlist. The BBC should be celebrating our great sportswomen. There are so many who could have been on the shortlist - like Jessica Ennis, Chrissie Wellington, Rebecca Adlington, Keri-Anne Payne and Sarah Stevenson. They are inspirations to girls and young sportswomen.
Australia plans to increase arson penalties to 25 years in jail after deadly bushfires two months ago which killed 173 people and engulfed entire communities, national and state legal lawmakers said today.
Pakistan Muslim League has finalized list of its candidates from Rawalpindi, Attock, Chakwal and Islamabad which is likely be announced on Wednesday.
A wide range of cemetery visits are planned by area veterans' organizations on Memorial Day, Monday, May 30.
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing remains hospitalized for observation after discomfort following dental treatment.
After years of requests from customers, Amazon.com has introduced Kindle ebook lending as a kind of New Years' Eve gift to Kindle customers.
Music legend Aretha Franklin turned 70 on Sunday and said she had a new album in the works.
Defence Minister Ch Ahmed Mukhtar had made it clear that Pakistan was taking action against all terrorist organisations said that we will not be intimidated by any threats.
Sugar planter members of the Mill District Development Foundation, Inc. have taken it upon themselves to address the child labor problem in the Ormoc-Kananga sugar district in Leyte province.
The animal rights group PETA wants to help rebuild the ``King of Kings'' statue at Solid Rock Church in Monroe.
A police chief, firefighters and city officials in Berkeley dropped everything for about an hour Friday to read.
Mr. Daniel Dror, Chairman and CEO, announced today that the board of directors of American International Industries, Inc. has postponed the record date for its 20% stock dividend and special stock dividend of its subsidiary Hammonds Industries, Inc. common stock.
A 28-year-old man was injured Monday afternoon when a truck slammed into a building where he was working, the South Carolina Highway Patrol said.
Miranda was recalled by the Yankees on Tuesday.According to the New York Post's Joel Sherman on Twitter, the New York Yankees will call up first baseman Juan Miranda to get another left-handed bat on the roster with both Curtis Granderson and Nick Johnson on the disabled list.
Enel Green Power has added 40 MW to its local wind power network with the Salbatica I wind park, which has a total capacity of 70 MW.
Metro set a record Friday for ridership, surpassing the previous record from 2004, set on the day of former President Ronald Reagan's state funeral.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said Turkey would overcome current economic situation --global economic crisis-- with minimum loss.
MADERA COUNTY, Calif. Floodwaters have caused a huge sinkhole to open up in Madera County.
He has a mission but no ambition, says Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi as speculation mounts about whether he will be the Bharatiya Janata Party's next prime ministerial candidate.
The senior Supreme Court lawyer and human rights activist Prashant Bhushan Tuesday said no Kashmiri is safe in India and army is responsible for killing of Kashmiri people.
Gay conservative group GOProud attacks Republican senate candidate Tom Campbell over his refusal to sign a pledge not to raise taxes.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. Victor Oladipo scored a career-high 21 points on Sunday to help Indiana beat Chattanooga 78-53.
Red Bee Media has selected a platform from Cordys, a global leader in next generation Business Process Management, to support its media management services for major broadcasters.
Nicole ``Snooki'' Polizzi admitted that she thinks she's an alien on Tuesday while she was being interviewed by Celebuzz.
AQUIS Hotel and Resorts has acquired its first city hotel, the five-star Corfu Palace Hotel, and plans on increasing its portfolio to 20 in total by the end of the year.
Auto Racing Writer Struggling Nelson Piquet Jr. acknowledged Thursday that he faces an uncertain future with Renault, and could be forced out before the end of the Formula One season.
General David Petraeus stepped down as US commander in Afghanistan on Monday after a checkered year at the helm of what is the US' longest war.
A Philadelphia-to-Dallas American Airlines flight was diverted to Nashville after a warning light signaled a possible malfunction.
Funeral services have been set for a Knox County girl who was accidentally shot to death by her brother earlier this week.
Sunday, church goers remembered 17-year-old Trayvon Martin during services across the country.
Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear signed a law Wednesday banning new synthetic drugs whose effects resemble those of Ecstasy and methamphetamine.
Now he has been picked to host the Golden Globes Awards on January 17 in Los Angeles.
Miami hosts a pair of midweek games when the Hurricanes face Penn State Tuesday and Maine Wednesday.
Murder Suspect in Fairhope Shooting is shot and killed by police on I-10 in Mobile.
Washington Wizards three-time All-Star guard Gilbert Arenas was sentenced on Friday to two years' probation for bringing guns into the team's locker room.
Portugal is voting in snap elections Sunday to designate a new government which is to implement a tough EUR 78 B bailout.
Decision Resources, one of the world's leading research and advisory firms for pharmaceutical and healthcare issues, finds that, in first- and second-line treatment of Clostridium difficile infection, nearly 70 percent of surveyed infectious disease specialists and internists will use Optimer's fidaxomicin and nearly half will use Medarex/Merck's CDA1 and CDB1, one year after the launch of these agents.
It has been reported that Rap star DMX has been arrested for failing to appear in court and other complaints at a Phoenix airport on Wednesday, all this adding to his legal woes that include drug possession and animal cruelty charges.
Saturday's Binghamton Mets game against the Connecticut Defenders was suspended because of rain at NYSEG Stadium.
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has been appointed to a UN panel on global sustainability.
The House voted 283-136 to pass the 2012 defense authorization bill on Wednesday that contains controversial provisions requiring military detention for some terrorism suspects.
A 20-year-old Egg Harbor City man was arrested for large amounts of heroin and cash ``consistent with distribution,'' on Tuesday morning, June 5, Galloway Police said Tuesday night.
CYPRUS has been warned to open its energy market or face legal action at the European Court of Justice by the European Commission.
The Chicago Cubs say Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg will manage Triple A Iowa next season.
``Anna is a simple man, but he is surrounded by anti-national elements and people who have been supported by foreign forces,'' the minister of state in PMO told reporters at Chennai airport.
Hollywood actor JAKE GYLLENHAAL has been honored for his charity work by bosses of an eyecare organization he has supported since he was a child.
A 20-year-old Fresno man drowned Saturday afternoon in the San Joaquin River below Skaggs Bridge near the Madera County line, the Fresno County Sheriff's Department reported.
The US trade deficit narrowed in February after hitting a seven-month high in January, thanks to a drop in imports in part due to China's new year holidays, official data showed overnight.
The New Orleans Saints announced Thursday that assistant coach Joe Vitt will serve as head coach in place of Sean Payton, who is set to serve a one-year NFL suspension over the team's bounty payments.
Barack Obama heads Rolling Stone's list of '100 Agents Of Change,' flashing those who have powerful ideas.
Time for a toast: ``How I Met Your Mom'' star Neil Patrick Harris, who was the talk of the town after his great job hosting the 2009 Tony Awards in June, has been tapped to host the 2009 Emmy Awards on September 20, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The Chiefs held on to beat the Crusaders 24-19 in their third Round Super Rugby clash in Napier New Zealand to secure back to back wins.
The US military plans to to deploy a new intelligence drone in Afghanistan, which military experts say will allow US troops to monitor much larger operational theatres than before, the Washington Post reported on Sunday.
``The unauthorised collection of deposits in exchange for the promise that exorbitant rate of return will be given, this is something which has to be curbed,'' Singh told reporters in the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.
Motorola Inc. has achieved the first successful mobile WiMAX trial in Thailand, teaming up with United Information Highway Co. Ltd. The trial, demonstrating new wireless broadband experiences for users, marks the first among a series of Motorola's mobile WiMAX engagements in Thailand and yet another milestone in the company's global WiMAX development.
Dianna Agron has never been happier in her life and loves ''getting older and growing''.
Ausenco has been awarded a Create Phase Engineering Services contract for the USD 1.8 billion Bozshakol copper project owned by Kazakhmys.
INDEPENDENT filmmakers, rights advocates and relatives of victims of human rights violations are set to gather at 6:00 PM tonight at the Ishmael Bernal Gallery in UP Diliman, to formally launch two new human rights film projects - ``RIGHTS 3'' and ``43.''
Fletcher Building today announced that it had sold its metals distribution businesses, Austral Wright Metals and Mico Metals, to AW Distribution Pty Limited and Wakefield Metals Limited, respectively.
Pope Benedict XVI on Friday promoted his personal secretary to head of the papal household, giving Msgr.
A 47-year-old homeless man died shortly after he was hit by a van on Katella Avenue early Sunday morning.
Amanda Knox did not have any motive for killing British student Meredith Kercher, her lawyer has told a court.
A key NATO summit, gathering more than 50 world leaders, opened in Chicago on Sunday with a minute's silence for all those who have fallen in combat around the world.
Transfinder today announced that it has achieved a record number for providing clients uninterrupted service on its cloud hosting solution, Infofinder i, on the busiest school day.
Much of Scotland is on flood alert after torrential rain and strong winds caused scores of rescues and travel misery.
President Barack Obama urged businesses to ``step up'' and hire workers, pressing banks and other corporations to do more to help an economy that he said would take ``several years'' to recover fully.
GM and PSA Peugeot Citroën have confirmed plans to form a global alliance following weeks of industry speculation.
Yahoo will reportedly announce its mass firings on the earnings call this week.
Daylight saving time ends at 2 am Sunday, meaning clocks fall back one hour.
David Miller and Adil Rashid took Yorkshire to a close win over Uva Next in the first qualifier of the CLT20 in Johannesburg.
WISN 12 News has learned that a girl found unresponsive in a Brookfield pool last week has died.
Middle East private equity fund managers raised a record $6.4bn in 2008, up more than 10 percent over 2007 and more than double the amount raised in 2005, according to a new report.
Women with diabetes are more likely than those without diabetes to report low overall sexual satisfaction, with insulin-treated women at higher risk for problems such as lubrication and orgasm, according to a study published in the August issue of Obstetrics & Gynecology.
Pop singer Leona Lewis is set to duet with Robbie Williams and the 'Kings of Leon'.
DeNesha Stallworth scored 17 points and A'dia Mathies added 14 to help No. 6 Kentucky extend its school-record winning streak to 15 games with a 69-43 win over Missouri on Sunday.
An Oxnard man who may have been attending a party was shot late Saturday night.
Chevron Corp. reported further drilling success in the Carnarvon Basin offshore Western Australia, Australia's premier hydrocarbon basin.
British Airways and Spain's largest airline Iberia agreed to a merger forming the world's third-biggest airline, the companies announced.
On Aug. 4 the Habitat for Humanity Bancroft build team is looking for paddlers of any type to help raise the cash to get the first Bancroft Habitat home built.
People.com is reporting Gisele Bundchen is pregnant.
Polish historian and dissident Adam Michnik, one of the prominent personalities of the Polish independent trade union movement Solidarity, Friday received honorary doctorate from Charles University in Prague.
Another report concerning the state education efficiency audit is taking longer than expected.
During his participation in the Nuclear Security Summit, held in Washington DC, Mexican President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa met with Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt.
A woman who says she was held captive and repeatedly sexually assaulted over a three-week period says she borrowed a cell phone to call for help.
Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman Andy LaRoche and infielder Delwyn Young have become free agents after clearing waivers.
Man bites head off snake Updated: 13:35, Friday December 21, 2012 Orange local Rodney Williams has bitten the head off a brown snake he found in a friend's backyard - in order to stop the animal biting him first.
During the month of March, Penelec employees in Clearfield, Philipsburg and DuBois raised money and collected food as part of the annual 'Harvest for Hunger' program.
A 41-year-old Beaufort man was killed Wednesday in a two-car crash in Jasper County.
Most European stocks closed lower Thursday as concern about Greece's fiscal situation grew once again.
Singer-turned-Fashion Designer Victoria Beckham has launched her own fashion website for the convenience of her customers.
A 26-year-old man has been charged over an assault where a marine officer had his jaw broken in Scarborough.
Qatar will raise its LNG supply by 2.5 million tons to India from current 5 million tons of gas in order to meet its increased demand in India, according to Qatar`s oil minister Abdullah bin Hamad al-Attiyah.
Author E. Lynn Harris, who wrote best-sellers about black gay life, died July 24 at a hotel in Beverly Hills.
So you can imagine our excitement over the news that Jason Derulo is planning to get together with boy band JLS!
Honoré Beaugrand metro station was evacuated about 10:25 am because a substance was bothering commuters, Société de transport de Montréal spokesperson Isabelle Tremblay said.
A US Airways plane crashed into the Hudson River this afternoon, outside the Weehawken waterfront.
North Korea is assembling a long-range missile capable of reaching Alaska, a news report said Wednesday, as the communist regime prepared to test-fire a barrage of missiles from both coasts.
Chelsea FC have made a proposal to buy the land that Stamford Bridge sits on, presumably as a step towards eventually moving to a larger stadium.
Goldman Sachs will cut 10% of its workforce, or 3,260 jobs, a source familiar with the investment bank's plans told CNN Thursday.
THE people of Wales have now delivered a resounding Yes in answer to the referendum question on whether the National Assembly should have full law-making powers.
A truck driver was assaulted by toll tax collectors at Singjamei Mayengbam Leikai after the driver refuse to pay Rs 40 as tax.
Atlanta Hawks guard Anthony Johnson was ejected from Friday's game against the Raptors after elbowing Toronto guard Jose Calderón in the back of the head with 41.3 seconds left in the first half.
``The Kroger Co. today (9/30/09) announced a new fuel incentive program that lets its customers save as much as $1 a gallon on gas purchases at any of its 48 Greater Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky and Dayton, Ohio fuel centers,'' reports the Cincinnati Enquirer.
European fire ants, capable of inflicting painful stings, are reported to be infesting Lower Mainland gardens.
A Kaua'i attorney was convicted of harassment Thursday after being accused of licking his client's ear at his office last year.
So imagine what it's like to be Alex Auld, who will start in the Montreal net tonight in Atlanta for just the second time this season, his only other action having come 28 days ago.
In an effort to help US residents with loved ones in Japan, wireless providers including AT&T, Verizon, and digital home phone service provider Time Warner are offering free long distance calls and text messages to Japan from the United States and Puerto Rico, the companies reported in releases.
In Kenya, the United Nations World Food Programme is scaling up food assistance to feed 3.5 million people hit by drought and high food prices.
A home contractor who unlawfully cashed a check and opened homeowners' mail pleaded no contest Thursday and was sentenced to two years probation and ordered to pay restitution.
Ajax agreed to a two-year deal with Denmark midfielder Christian Poulsen on Thursday.
With sales tax revenue down 3.4 percent, they said, the city's ``serious economic crisis'' would be worsened if a sales tax exemption were granted on utility fees Omahans are paying to finance $2.8 billion in sewer, water and natural gas line improvements.
New York based company Time Warner Cable has acquired cable operator Insight Communications for $3 billion in cash.
Pakistan's former President Pervez Musharraf announced he would return to Pakistan later this month and prepare for elections, something that could add to political turbulence in an already tense atmosphere in the country.
Muslim militants beheaded a 61-year-old farmer they abducted in the southern Philippines last month, a military spokesman said Monday.
Frank Lampard has admitted for the first time that he wants to become Chelsea boss.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced late last week that it has acquired a number of popular assets from John Wiley and Sons.
Prince Harry turns 27 Thursday, but the Royal ginger won't be partying it up too hard.
Two Indian brothers, one of them a pilot instructor, have died along with an American national in a plane crash in the US, reports here said.
The retailer - who has recently announced a fashion-music venture with friend Simon Cowell - said that business was ``still good''.
The Ontario Legislature resumes Tuesday, but Premier Dalton McGuinty announced last week a prorogation will precede the upcoming throne speech and budget in March.
Halifax, Nova Scotia-based Shear Wind has closed its previously announced private placement consisting of the issuance of 3.5 million units at a price of $0.47 per unit for total proceeds of $1.7 million.
Korea has overtaken Japan in terms of trade surplus this year for the first time in its history on the back of local exporters' efforts to diversify their overseas markets coupled with the Japanese yen's strength against the dollar.
Mobily on Tuesday launched the latest BlackBerry phone, the Curve 8900.
JJB Sports says it is likely to breach its banking covenants as sales continue to fall short of expectations at the sports shop chain.
The Stewards of the Irish National Hunt Steeplechase (INHS) Committee have confirmed that the new plastic hurdles will be trialled at Sligo, Roscommon, Kilbeggan and Ballinrobe with a review planned at the end of the racing season.
A Brooklyn Park man was sentenced Tuesday to 20 years in prison for trying to kill his estranged wife in an bloody attack that took place a month after she left him in the wake of what prosecutors said was an earlier assault.
The well-known theater play by Lakis Lazopoulos, ``Sorry...I'm Greek,'' which received warm applause in Europe lately, will also travel to Cyprus July 22-27 for limited performances.
American singer Lady Gaga has been tested for lupus.
A mother and son avoided serious injury during a rollover accident on Wednesday afternoon thanks to their seatbelts.
Mumbai, Aug 30 Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who filed a police complaint against an unknown person who had been sending derogatory and abusive messages on his blog and mobile phone, revealed Monday that the police is investigating the matter.
``Today, markets are likely to open marginally higher. The undertone continues to be bullish. 5,625.50 is the immediate resistance, a crossover of which can take the Nifty all the way to 5,740. Yesterday low 5,567 is the immediate support. Economic data to watch out for include weekly inflation data from India and consumer credit, trade balance and jobless claims data from the US,`` notes brokerage house Anagram.
Former Calgary Flames forward Brett Sutter has pleaded guilty to punching a cab driver during an office incident on a road trip in Arizona.
German stocks fell for the eighth time in nine days, led by banks, on concern the deepening global recession will curb company earnings.
Juan Martin del Potro will play for Argentina in their Davis Cup quarter-final at home to Croatia next month, captain Martin Jaite said on Monday.
After initially denying his mother's revelation that the late King of Pop Michael Jackson gave him drugs, after spending a night at Jackson's Neverland Ranch, singer Aaron Carter is now claiming that the King of Pop did give him drugs and alcohol, specifically wine and cocaine.
A WOMAN hid her newborn baby in a toilet water tank because she did not want her roommates to find out about the baby, reported Metro Ahad.
The Coast Guard rescued a father and son after the two were in the water for more than 12 hours.
ITV, Britain's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster, has agreed to buy Channel Islands broadcaster Channel Television from Yattendon, bringing an independent corner of its regional network under its ownership.
HolidayLEDs.com, an e-commerce company specializing in energy-efficient LED holiday and decorative lighting, announced today that it will extend its Christmas light recycling program indefinitely.
Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Mortgage Corp. filed for relief under Chapter 11 bankruptcy to focus on restructuring its operations and potential wind-down of its assets, the company said Monday.
Beach access has become a long drawn-out court battle in many coastal states.
A MAN is in a ``serious'' condition in hospital after being attacked in a South Woodford street earlier this evening.
Fitch Ratings has taken various rating actions on 266 classes in 30 small- balance commercial transactions.
The YWCA has sold its former Downtown building to a local osteopath, thereby cutting the organization's most visible tie with its past.
The Obama Administration's special envoy Richard Holbrooke met with President Asif Ali Zardari and discussed US-Pakistan cooperation in wide-ranging areas.
``We are checking information that $100K were spent on Akmat Bakiyev's escape,'' announced Corruption Fighting Committee Head Turatbek Madylbekov to 24.kg news agency.
The Volvo China Open will return to the European Tour international schedule for the seventh consecutive year when Jinji Lake Golf Club, in Suzhou, hosts the $2.5 million event from on April 15-18, 2010.
It turns out Wyclef Jean really is serious about running for president of Haiti.
Kenji Johjima, Japan's first Major League Baseball catcher, played his final game on Saturday, starting behind the plate in the Western League game between Hanshin against Orix.
Britain Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned that the failed Detroit plane bombing showed that terrorism remains a ``very real'' global threat as the world enters a new year.
An Indianapolis man paralyzed in a diving accident two years ago is launching a nonprofit foundation to help other youths with spinal cord injuries attend college and succeed.
Nelson Mandela has been admitted to hospital with a lung infection, the office of South African President Jacob Zuma says.
A Thai court issued arrest warrants Tuesday for exiled former premier Thaksin Shinawatra and 12 of his supporters over protests in the kingdom, police said.
The acclaimed singer has revealed on his website that his first love was a man.
Celador International rested its case against Disney in the ``Who Wants to Be a Millionaire'' trial Tuesday -- and now that it's the defense's turn to start calling witnesses, you'd think some fresh perspectives were coming soon to the federal courtroom in Riverside.
With the rolling Atlantic ocean behind him, yachtsman Ben Ainslie set the London Olympic torch relay on the road from Land's End in the extreme south-west tip of England on Saturday.
TearScience, a Morrisville, NC-based developer of a device to diagnose and treat chronic dry eye disease, has raised $44.5 million in Series C funding.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham estimated US drone strikes had killed 4,700 people, but defended the program as a necessary tactical weapon.
MOODY'S cut the long-term ratings of five Danish banks, saying yesterday that the government had become less willing to bail out depositors and creditors in the event of a bankruptcy.
The Bombay High Court on Tuesday granted bail to cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, who is facing a sedition case, saying if drawing cartoons was the only allegation against him, then his custody was not required.
A commission has recommended that a Forsyth County District Court judge be suspended for violating judicial ethics by fixing traffic tickets.
Many solicitors are threatening to boycott controversial virtual court sessions introduced to north Kent, according to one legal expert who branded the system an 'expensive gimmick'.
13 hours ago ST. JOHN'S, NL - Curtis McElhinney made 46 saves as the Springfield Falcons defeated the St. John's IceCaps 4-2 in American Hockey League action Saturday night.
FORMER Federal Commissioner for Information and Ijaw Leader, Chief Edwin Clark, said, yesterday, that at 85, he should not be afraid to say what he wants to say, against the backdrop that he was close to the grave.
Middle Eastern marketing consulting firm LOJINE has opened an office in Second Life, making it the first company in the region to do so.
Town Sports International, New York, announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Fitcorp, Boston.
Stock index futures are pointing to higher opening as investors digest the results of a key loan offering by the European Central Bank.
The Government said it has no plans to utilize unclaimed money of employees provident fund organisation which has accumulated to the tune of Rs 38.37 billion, even as EPFO is making efforts to trace those who have not taken their dues, reports Economic Times.
A new study suggests that this year consumers in Saskatchewan will spend less.
After Sunday's game was rained out, the Mets will give Johan Santana extra rest and push his next start back to Wednesday at Citi Field against the Phillies.
Finnish power plants and ship power solutions supplier Wartsila Corporation said on Monday that it will supply a 100 MW power plant to Togo to produce electricity for the national grid.
The new executive board of the Jacksonville Women Lawyers Association was sworn in at its first meeting under new President Stephanie Harriett Wednesday at the offices of Murphy & Anderson.
A Thornville man was killed in a single-vehicle crash early Saturday morning, the Ohio Highway Patrol reports.
We missed the actual date when Facebook jumped the shark, but I'm calling it now, even if I'm two years late.
A new sports bill is aimed at providing support for talented youth, top level sport and sport at schools, Education Minister Jan Mikolaj told SLOVAKIA on Monday.
A 30-year-old man from Nottinghamshire has admitted killing his grandfather and seriously injuring his grandmother, police said.
Penn State Behrend split a non-conference baseball doubleheader with Fredonia State, with the host Lions winning the second game 10-2 after a 12-6 loss in the opener.
The Bourse opened the week on a high note, with 5.3 million shares valued at Sh181 million, up from Sh57 million on a volume of 1.7 million shares posted last Friday.
Mortgage Choice Ltd chief executive Paul Lahiff says Australia's housing cycle is ``bottoming'' and that mortgage volumes should pick up on the back of record rental demand, increased immigration and volatile other investment classes.
A cash heist at a butchers in the South African port of Durban ended in a bloodbath on Friday when police shot dead all eight suspects as they fled with their loot.
Two men were killed in a small plane crash in Grady County late Friday night.
The severely obese tend to feel too helpless to fight back and reduce their weight, says an Australian study.
Oil prices hit new highs for the year yesterday as the dollar fell to new lows against the euro, showing how much the weak US currency has come to dominate energy markets.
Rapper Lil Boosie aka Torrance Hatch has been indicted of first degree murder and drug charges.
Cadillac said it would unveil its ATS luxury sedan on the eve of Detroit's North American International Auto show in early January.
A deep low moved over the Taranaki Bight this morning and should cross the North Island before midday.
South Korea is pushing to sign a trilateral civil agreement with Japan and China to help curb illegal fishing in South Korean waters, Seoul officials said Wednesday.
Thirty-six-year-old Yordan Yovchev won a bronze medal for Bulgaria at the European Gymnastics Championship in Milan, Italy.
On Monday, city council will consider amending the current noise ordinance for residential neighborhoods from 75 decibels after 11 pm to 55 decibels.
Several Mexican newspapers are reporting that US President Barack Obama will visit Guadalajara next month to take part in the North American Leaders' Summit.
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters today that President Obama will attend the memorial service for the 13 killed at Fort Hood.
It is reported that the military are to take complete control of London airspace during the Olympics for the first time since the Second World War.
A cockerel in Hucknall, Notts, is looking for a new home after his hen died from exhaustion.
A SCHOOL was evacuated for the third time within a week today after another chemical leak.
Ford Motor Co surprised Wall Street with a quarterly profit on Monday and raised its 2011 outlook to ``solidly profitable,'' sending its shares up 5.7 percent in premarket trading.
Two bomb blasts killed 19 people in Baghdad on Monday, police and Iraqi security forces said, despite increased security across the capital for a historic visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
The Missouri Department of Conservation has confirmed the presence of a mountain lion on the Department's Peck Ranch Conservation Area in northwest Carter and eastern Shannon counties based on trail camera photos taken Feb. 2, and the carcass of an elk calf found on the conservation area.
US imposes duties for Korean washers Updated: 08:33, Thursday May 31, 2012 The United States has imposed anti-subsidy duties on large home washers made by South Korean manufacturers, slapping the largest by far on Daewoo Electronics.
Ferrellgas Partners LP shares fell Monday after an analyst downgraded the stock, saying the company's debt is bigger than peers and that it could have a tough time paying it down.
Antivirus software is extremely poor at detecting the top three Trojans responsible for theft from UK financial institutions, says IT security firm Trusteer.
ITALIAN rugby union captain Sergio Parisse has been suspended for eight weeks for gouging during the 6-27 Test loss to New Zealand in Christchurch.
Derby boss Paul Jewell is adamant he has nothing to prove to anyone at Sheffield Wednesday, despite enduring the worst time of his career with the Owls.
Ford said Thursday it will add 1,800 workers at a plant in Louisville to build the Escape, the second best-selling small SUV in the US after the Honda CR-V. The automaker is investing $600 million in the plant, which will be shut for a year while new equipment is installed so that Ford can build the Escape on a more fuel-efficient car platform.
As I read in the paper of all the recent deaths of our brave soldiers who gave their all to keep this great country of ours free, I have to wonder where are all those anti-war protesters who lined the corner of Stockdale and California Avenues.
Digital River Inc. said Wednesday it has paid $10 million to buy in-game and online commerce service provider Fatfoogoo.
He is now part of the ``serve at the pleasure'' club, the face-saving phrase that ousted government officials trot out whenever they're forced to leave office, or rumored to be soon sent packing.
A stunned farmer says the moment he found two American bulldogs savaging his prize bull was like seeing ``lions attacking a zebra''.
The Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad, will apologize for using British passports in the murder of a Hamas commander this year in Dubai, the Daily Telegraph reported Sunday quoting Israeli sources.
28/05/11 News is that there is a new 'hottie' on the sets of Indra Kumar's 'Double Dhamaal'.
A roadside bomb probably set by Taliban insurgents killed at least 14 Afghan civilians aboard a minibus Thursday in the country's northwest, normally a relatively safe area.
CONTROVERSIAL chairman Gianni Paladini is set to leave QPR with a two-year pay off.
Anna Hazare Saturday condemned the ink attack on yoga guru Baba Ramdev in the capital and asserted that such attempts will not scare those working for people.
The oil major Naftohaz Ukrainy paid in full for the Russian gas consumed in May, the head of its public and media relations directorate, Valentyn Zemlyanskyy said.
``The tragic loss of lives in the war between Azerbaijan and Armenia reminds us that there cannot be a military solution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict'', Acting Deputy Spokesperson Patrick Ventrell said during a briefing in Washington, APA reports.
A Winston-Salem man died Thursday after a two-vehicle wreck near the Yadkin River.
Lindsay Lohan has amazingly compared herself to screen legend Marilyn Monroe and insists she does not want to be a celebrity.
Flood affected school children in the Kalutara District numbering about 40,000 who had lost their school books would get new school text books, new school uniform material and exercise books, Deputy Minister of Education Nirmala Kotelawala told The Island yesterday.
Labour has accused BBC Scotland of political bias, claiming that its use of phrases like ``the London government'' is playing into the hands of the Scottish Nationalists.
Kurt Busch will test an IndyCar for Andretti Autosport, two days before opening practice at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
A Welsh caretaker has raised £150,000 for a local hospice over the last 13 years, Wales Online reports.
Three Westport police officers were honored for their bravery Monday night by fellow Connecticut officers at a dinner in New Haven.
Coppell police are investigating reports of possible cougar or mountain lion sightings in the area around Belt Line Road and Mockingbird Lane.
Crystal Harris confirmed on Friday that she was indeed back with Playboy founder Hugh Hefner.
Erich Segal, author of the tearjerker novel Love story and screenwriter of the Oscar-winning film version, has died at age 72, his daughter said Tuesday, according to The New York Times.
Office fruit fans who are trying to shift some pounds can always find some time to fit in exercise during the day, one writer has suggested.
A young girl was the victim of a serious assault in Donegal town in the early hours of last Sunday morning and had to be taken to Sligo General hospital by ambulance.
Middletown senior running back/linebacker EJ Junior will visit UC this weekend, according to Middletown coach Troy Everhart.
Illinois quarterback Juice Williams left the game against Minnesota with an apparent left leg injury.
A Fraser Valley restaurant was sprayed with bullets and threatening graffiti, in what police say was an attack aimed at those opposing gangs.
Luxoft, a Russian offshore programming company, said it opened a software development center in Vietnam to cut costs.
Joanna Lumley has turned her back on acting to become a TV director, making her debut with a short film about her own life, Sky1 drama 'Little Crackers'.
Roger Federer pulled out of the Gerry Weber Open grass-court tournament to rest his groin ahead of Wimbledon.
The YM-YWHA of Union County will host a Blood Drive on Sunday, March 14.
AP Jan 08, 2011 19:16:37 PM Indianapolis Colts cornerback Kelvin Hayden is inactive for Saturday night's playoff game against the New York Jets after being placed on injured reserve with a neck injury.
``I have already said the elections will be held on time,'' he said in an interview with BBC Urdu's new television programme ``Sairbeen''.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed that he would have ``preferred'' to have sold striker Robin van Persie to a club abroad as opposed to Premier League rivals Manchester United.
After watching this gloriously NSFW video multiple times, the only things I know for sure is that John McAfee clearly isn't a fan of his former anti-virus software company that still bears his name, and that he continues to be one super weird dude.
Aerolineas Argentinas has rejoined IATA as a full member after a ten year break.
Puma AG, Europe's second-largest sporting-goods maker, said Chief Executive Officer Jochen Zeitz will become executive chairman and the company will seek a new CEO.
Oil dipped below $83 a barrel in Asian trade today as concerns over the US economic recovery weighed on sentiment.
And a hometown hero was there to throw out the first pitch.
A bomb destroyed a police station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi early on Thursday but caused no casualties, a security source told AFP, in a second attack targeting the building.
The state's quasi-public economic development agency lost track of $69 million in loans to businesses because no one was in charge of keeping tabs on that money, members of the board that oversees the agency were told Friday.
the City of Clarksville will host its annual department-wide Chili Cook Off to benefit the United Way.
To succeed at this game, the CEO should consider becoming the brand rejuvenation chief in order to provide the necessary recognition for the new positioning.
A former Merrimack woman and Goffstown teacher will spend a weekend in jail after pleading guilty to violating the terms of her bail conditions.
Long-term insulin use does not harm people with diabetes or pre-diabetes or put them at risk of heart attacks, strokes or cancer, a new study has claimed.
Transport for London has revealed that its £7.6bn efficiency programme is running ahead of schedule with £1.8bn already saved, £433M ahead of target.
Adam LaRoche homered twice, including a grand slam, as the Pittsburgh Pirates rolled past the Los Angeles Dodgers 15-8 Wednesday.
That's right, columnist John Clay argues that the Run for the Roses, the so-called ``best two minutes in sports,'' should be run under the lights so that more TV ad revenue can be generated.
Iranians and others held a candlelight vigil Sunday night in Westwood to voice their support for those in their homeland who are defying a government crackdown to protest the country's presidential election and call for freedom and democracy.
Deutsche Bank has launched its second bond issue in Taiwan, which offers investors a fixed interest rate of 3%.
Away from the headlines of job losses, grumbling artists and falling global sales, the music industry is trying new business models to boost digital sales and offset the fall in CD sales.
As law enforcement agencies continued with their efforts to gain the upper hand against criminals disrupting peace in the city, 12 more target killing suspects were arrested on Friday from different parts of the cty.
News presenter Natasha Kaplinsky has given birth to a baby girl, her publicist has confirmed.
After unveiling an offbeat new track called One Way Trigger last week, The Strokes have officially announced a new studio album, Comedown Machine.
McDonald's reveals the top 12 ``Voice of McDonald's'' global finalists; winners come from five continents and 11 countries.
THE JSE ended 385 points in the red yesterday, weighed heavily by sharply weaker resources with an opening recovery on Wall Street and a rally in gold counters failing to push the bourse into positive territory.
Japan Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday in Japan's fifth-largest corporate failures, even as the government pledged about Y900bn to keep the carrier operational until it completes its restructuring.
The fire danger level will be raised from ``high'' to ``very high'' Sunday in the Angeles National Forest as the mercury rose from below average to above average over the weekend.
A Louisville man is accused of stealing more than $20,000 worth of computers and jewelry from the Wal-Mart at 3706 Diann Marie Road.
A Russian space craft Soyuz carrying a NASA flight engineer, a Japanese astronaut and a Russian commander has blasted off for the International Space Station.
Moga, Aug 26 Private bus operators today blocked traffic for about an hour protesting against alleged manhandling by college students of a conductor and bus driver.
BARCELONA, Spain -Espanyol drew 0-0 at last-place Real Sociedad on Sunday in the Spanish league.
European shares extended losses on Friday afternoon, with banks sharply lower and oil producers and drugmakers not far behind.
Speculations are firing up in the market that Apple would launch its long-awaited iPhone 5 in June.
Jersey Shore's Snooki has big dreams for her sentimental life, having grown tired of going out only with ``gorillas'' who don't know how to make a girl feel special: she wants to date a businessman.
The experimental traffic plan in the St. James and Woodbrook areas will now end in three days' time.
The state faces an unprecedented drop in tax revenue and a widening budget deficit amid the deepest recession in decades, prompting Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to propose cost-cutting steps that once seemed unthinkable.
Australia will again struggle with the weight of history, and the effects of altitude, in the Tri-Nations test against South Africa in Bloemfontein on Saturday as it searches for a long-awaited victory on the highveld.
The Australian stock market has received mixed leads from overseas overnight, with Wall Street and oil trading lower, but precious metals higher in mid-afternoon trade.
(JURIST) JURIST (FAQ) was nominated Tuesday for a prestigious Webby Award (awards website) as the best Law website of 2008.
Next year, Virgin Galactic is expected to release a state-of-the-art small satellite launcher, known as LauncherOne.
Cold wave conditions today continued to persist in Punjab and Haryana with the mercury settling below normal levels in the region.
Network Rail has told ITV News Central they are 'deeply sorry' after being found guilty of breaching health and safety rules.
The ``wet weather'' rally continued this week as more and more farmers sat down at their desks to put pencil to paper and make decisions regarding the fate of their unplanted acres.
NHS Worcestershire is reporting a £3.1m overspend on Continuing Care due to a growth in client numbers compared to 2010-11.
Fernando Gago was one of three domestically-based players added to the Argentina squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Colombia and Ecuador.
YouTube has launched a memorial channel for journalists who have been killed while reporting from around the world.
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama took a day off the campaign trail in Chicago, but he spent Saturday in the battleground state of Missouri.
Microsoft says more than 1.5 million Windows Phone 7 devices have been sold in the platform's first six weeks on the market.
Nottinghamshire snatched the LV= County Championship First Division title away from Somerset on a thrilling final day of the season.
SQLblog.com has chosen web hosting provider MaximumASP as its ``preferred hosting partner'', it was reported today.
Los Angeles, Jan 19 The financially troubled actor Nicholas Cage has said that he intends to pay back all the IRS dues that are pending.
Desperately needed aid from around the world began arriving today in quake-stunned Haiti, while rescuers struggled frantically to save the trapped and injured, using pickup trucks as ambulances and doors as stretchers.
Two Men and a Truck donated their services to pick up and return wrestling mats for the tournament, which were donated by area schools, including Cincinnati Hills Christian, Mariemont and Kings High Schools.
The Nigerian federal high court has overturned the election of well known local businessman Aliko Dangote as president of the Nigerian Stock Exchange following an appeal by shareholders in African Petroleum whose stock price the billionaire was accused of manipulating.
President Obama on Thursday called on Congress to fully fund his State Department budget request, saying ``we're going to need Congress as a partner'' to help protect Americans serving overseas.
Eight children have been injured in a school bus accident on the Key Peninsula in South Puget Sound, north of Olympia.
NBC News veteran Edwin Newman, one of the most respected of broadcast news journalists, has died at 91.
Furry, fuzzy and adorable, two 11-week-old snow leopard cubs at the Granby Zoo are being hailed as survivors.
Afghan authorities detained a Japanese television journalist in Kabul overnight, officials said, after the government announced that media should not report violence during ongoing elections.
The Canadian government could save up to $18 million a year by adopting ``Open Office'' software instead of continuing to deal with traditional suppliers who charge licensing fees for their computer applications, says a risk-assessment paper prepared for Public Works and Government Services Canada.
Banfield were crowned Apertura champions for the first time despite a 2-0 loss at Boca Juniors in the final round.
Nokia Siemens Networks has launched new EV-DO Advanced software to help operators meet rising demand for mobile broadband.
Jorge De La Rosa exited Tuesday's game against the Diamondbacks in the third inning with an apparent injury.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor today announced that it will ramp up its annual production capacity to 2,10,000 units.
The United States is ``very close'' to selling some 18 F16 fighter jets to Iraq, a top Pentagon official announced Wednesday.
Bob Dylan is set to release a ``surprise album'' this spring, marking the folk legend's first proper full-length since 2006's Modern Times.
Tipperary-based Trustwater has won the overall 'Innovation of the Year' award at the Irish Times InterTradeIreland Innovation Awards 2013.
A woman employee of the Electronics Corporation of India Limited succumbed to burns she suffered in the yesterday's fire even as the police are waiting the internal inquiry report constituted by the ECIL authorities for further investigations in the case.
A local BP foreman was arrested in Bayou La Batre over a confrontation with a city inspector.
ISRAEL plans to order enough H1N1 flu vaccine to immunise all its 7 million citizens, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said in a statement on Wednesday, days after Israel's first confirmed death from the disease.
Goshen approved another moratorium on new development that will give the town and its consultants time to consider proposed zoning code revisions.
With potential computer security threats increasing it has also become more difficult to protect your computer against threats like viruses and spyware, so an external hard drive is good cheap insurance against loss of your computer data.
Charming cueist Pankaj Advani reckons cue sport desperately needs an image makeover and it's time to bid goodbye to the traditional bow tie dress code.
The Pirate Bay has moved its servers to the cloud to hinder authorities' attempts to take it offline.
Former US President Jimmy Carter has been hospitalised after being suddenly taken ill on a flight to the city of Cleveland, a media report said.
Bruno Bobak, who was Canada's youngest official war artist during the Second World War, has died in New Brunswick.
9 to 5 Hoops will host eight-week basketball clinics in the Zanesville and Tri-Valley areas.
Altrincham-based architecture practice Pozzoni has opened a London studio to service its increasing client portfolio in the south.
Hennes & Mauritz AB, the Stockholm fashion retailer, reported that for April, comparable sales rose 11% while total sales rose 21% from the year-earlier month.
A 16-year-old boy was killed Saturday night in a drive-by shooting, authorities said.
Parker McLachlin cruised to seven-stroke victory at the Reno-Tahoe Open on Sunday for his first career PGA Tour win.
Boston Scientific Corp., the Natick maker of medical devices, said yesterday it returned to a profit in the third quarter as sales of heart defibrillators held up despite reported hospital cutbacks.
Crude oil prices fell as fears about the global economy resurfaced following reports that European banks may have more risky government debt.
Long-running US cartoon show The Simpsons may inadvertently promote smoking with its frequent depictions of the habit and references to cigarettes, Australian research has found.
Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram denied circulating rumors that she had 18 different plastic surgeries done stressing that no human body can handle having this many operations.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated pop icon Alla Pugachyova on her 60th birthday on Wednesday.
A man committed suicide in Baku detention center on the night of August 2-3, Sabunchu district prosecutor's office told APA.
The Associated Press Doug McDermott had 30 points and eight rebounds to lead No. 14 Creighton past Wisconsin 84-74 Friday night for a spot in the Las Vegas Invitational final.
A new study suggests another benefit to antimicrobial stewardship: a potential cost savings of millions of dollars now wasted on therapies that don't help patients.
Telecoms watchdog Ofcom is backing plans to introduce up to 10 new HD channels on Freeview.
A British soldier was killed by an explosion in southern Afghanistan today, the Ministry of defense has said.
John Wall is ready to go to Washington and clean up the Wizards.
THE former Buganda Katikkiro, Daniel Muliika, has said he is President Yoweri Museveni's friend.
The Kootenay Ice have their fingerprints all over the Allan Cup this year, after three former members helped lead the Fort St. John Flyers to the top of the Canadian AAA senior hockey heap.
Dragon Oil has dropped a plan to move its nominal corporate home from Ireland to Bermuda, the Financial Times reported yesterday.
The NBA doesn't think so: ``Lakers forward Trevor Ariza will not be suspended by the NBA for his actions on a flagrant foul Monday night against the Portland Trail Blazers. 'Ariza will not be further disciplined,' NBA spokesman Tim Frank said this morning. 'We are still looking at the aftermath of the play.'''
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Government has planned Mass Transit System for Peshawar under technical assistance of Asian Development Bank to provide quality transport service to people of the city.
The Bank of Canada should consider cutting its key interest rate by 50 basis points next week to avoid unwanted appreciation in the Canadian dollar, JP Morgan said on Wednesday.
The Defense Department will investigate complaints of substandard mental health care for Marines at Camp Lejeune.
Bighorn sheep populations are faring well in Grant County, said District Wildlife Biologist Ryan Torland of Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Teaching has become far more of a science and far less of an intuitive art under No Child Left Behind mandates.
Asthma is strongly associated with chronic rhinosinusitis and its prevalence varies widely across Europe, according to the results of a multicenter, international study published in the January issue of Allergy.
The Chicago Cubs are calling up top prospect Anthony Rizzo from Triple-A Iowa, reports Randy Peterson of the Des Moines Register.
``Like any sovereign, independent nation, Iraq is free to chart its own course.
George Strait and his wife, Norma, are expecting their first grandchild in February 2012, according to ABC News Radio.
YouTube plans to launch a music subscription service later this year, to allow people to listen to tracks online, and to possibly cut out the ads that precede each video for subscribers, according to Fortune.
Democratic Rep. Jay Inslee of Washington will resign his House seat in order to focus on his 2012 run for governor of the state, a Democratic official confirmed to CNN on Saturday.
A man was killed in a single-vehicle crash early Thursday morning in Boone County.
Malaysia Airlines has identified China as a major potential market due to strong growth in the country over the last few years.
The yen rose against higher-yielding currencies as signs the global economic recovery is slowing boosted demand for Japan's currency as a refuge.
Presidential spokesman Mac Maharaj said it would be suicidal to reveal what he told the National Prosecuting Authority's section 28 inquiry in 2001, saying he was not a ``suicide bomber''.
Cee Lo Green said he recorded a duet with Christina Aguilera while appearing on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last night.
The White Sox beat the Rangers 15-12 in 13-to-15-year-old Babe Ruth action Thursday night at Andalusia High School.
CUMBRIA police have launched an operation in a bid to tackle rural crime in the South lakes.
Madonna recently revealed today that she's planning on doing a new album.
Alexander Haig, a retired four-star general who served as White House chief of staff under Richard Nixon and secretary of state under Ronald Reagan, died early Saturday morning.
Stonehenge may have been a burial ground for an ancient royal family, researchers said on Thursday.
Microsoft announced this morning that it plans to acquire Portugese mobile application company Mobicomp, makers of some very cool mobile tools that we're excited to get our hands on.
Senior Housing Properties Trust today announced it has declared a regular quarterly common share dividend of $0.38 per common share.
As far as we all know, Gonzalez is not hurt, so he is in fact a great playoff buy.
Press TV reported that Iran aluminum and alumina exports have exceeded USD 267 million in the first 7 months of the current Iranian year.
Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige is convinced 'Iron Man' can live on without Robert Downey Jr because the character is as evergreen as James Bond.
Former first daughter Jenna Hager is joining the Today show as an occasional contributor.
WASHINGTON President Barack Obama said Wednesday that he will travel to Mexico next month as part of a journey that will take him to the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad.
The Australian stock market is set to open modestly higher, as Wall Street rose to another record high.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has won his 4th world snooker title, beating fellow Englishman Ali Carter 18-11 in the final, having also beaten him the 2008 edition.
ActionAid is launching its first ever child sponsorship awareness week as part of its efforts to encourage more people to get involved with its fundraising programmes.
Browns CB Joe Haden has been suspended four games, gutting Cleveland's secondary depth.
Mahendra Karma, the opposition Congress heavyweight in Chhattisgarh who was widely said to be behind the controversial Salwa Judum movement against Maoists, says the state government wants to rule the restive Bastar region at gunpoint as it has lost touch with the people.
The Lowell Devils of the American Hockey League announced that they have signed goaltender Dave Caruso, who has played in the ECHL each of his first two professional seasons.
A teacher hunger strike protesting LAUSD budget cuts officially comes to an end today after 24 days.
Not yet ready to have baby of his own, Spencer Pratt has said that he threatens to divorce Heidi Montag if she insists to get pregnant.
The Tamil Nadu government would soon unveil a comprehensive new IT policy, aiming to provide 30 lakh jobs and capture a 25 per cent share of Indian ICT production by 2011, local administration minister, Mr MK Stalin announced in the state assembly today.
The New York Times reports that Afghan President Hamid Karzai was warned 'that an attack was being planned on a military parade on Sunday, when he escaped an assassination attempt.
A car bomb exploded in southern Thai province of Yala, triggering a big fire and injuring 18 soldiers and civilians on Sunday, local media reports said.The bomb hidden in a pickup truck was detonated by a remote control as a soldier patrol passed through a municipal area of Yala, Thai-language Matichon online reported by quoting police sources.The report said it needed three hours before the fire, damaging 12 houses and shops, could be stopped.The injured were treated at a Yala hospital, English-language Bangkok Post online said.The restive south of Thailand has been subject to violence for years, with a few thousands of soldiers and civilians already killed.Source:
American film actress Vanessa Hudgens has revealed that she tries to keep a low profile whenever out in public so as to avoid any negative comments from ``haters'' trying to bring her down.
The University of Alabama has told a local store to stop selling items signed by current athletes, which is a potential violation of NCAA rules.
Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Asif was today released from a British jail after completing half of his one-year sentence for his role in a spot-fixing scandal.
Japanese luxury car brand Infiniti is gearing up for its official Australian launch in August with three dealerships positioned in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane.
Nikolay Davydenko's crashed out in the third round of the German Open in Hamburg to Kazakhstan's world number 82 Andrey Golubev.
Two young twins have spoken of their ``devastation'' after losing their sight within months of each other while studying for medical and engineering degrees.
The city of Mobile, Alabama, received a $390,000 federal stimulus grant to convert its vehicles to bifuel propane systems and to build a fueling station to support them.
SunAmerica Focused Alpha Growth Fund, Inc., a closed-end fund, today announced the estimated amounts of the sources of the Fund's fourth quarterly dividend distribution of $0.05 per share of common stock declared on December 2, 2009 and payable on December 30, 2009 and the cumulative dividend distributions paid year to date.
Monday, North Korea pledged more cooperation with Cuba to boost socialism as the impoverished nation's Foreign Minister Pak Ui Chun, began a three-day official visit to Havana, reports say.
Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram on Friday said a previously announced farm debt relief scheme would now cost 716.8 billion rupees, significantly higher than earlier estimates.
The body of an unidentified man was found in Dhaleshwari river in Munshiganj Thursday in what is believed to be another incident of secret killing and dumping.
The Giants announced on Saturday night that they have signed six tryout players from their rookie mini-camp.
Green Bay Packers cornerback Casey Hayward just got braces.
Dr Meredith Burgmann asks 'Why aren't we there yet?' with regards to women in Australian politics.
Most district baseball and softball games involving Licking County teams scheduled for today have been postponed to Thursday because of weather and field conditions.
Chancellor George Osborne was warned last night that his ``blatant U-turn'' on North Sea taxes would come back to haunt him.
Nicolas Mahut of France won his first ATP title at the age of 31, playing impeccable serve and volley tennis to beat second-seeded Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-4 in the Topshelf Open final today.
Former law and order minister Adriaan Vlok and four others have applied for a presidential pardon for the attempted murder of Reverend Frank Chikane, the Star reported on Tuesday.
National Party Health spokesman Tony Ryall is amazed that David Cunliffe issued a media statement with starkly false figures.
RESPONSIBLE mining can bring about peace and development, and be a life changer for the people in Mindanao, former Press Secretary Jesus Dureza said.
Madonna is reportedly planning a new six-month world tour and has already started auditioning dancers.
Oil prices have plunged 6% this week, erasing the gains of recent months and easing fears about $5-per-gallon gas ... at least for now.
Guests attending the investiture of new Dutch king Royals and other dignitaries are out in force Tuesday to watch the abdication of Dutch Queen Beatrix and investiture of her eldest son, Willem-Alexander, as new king.
September 3, 2012 4:41pm John Heitinga admits he just has to wait for his chance at Everton after being left out of the starting line-up so far this season.
The US Department of Defense says a Wisconsin soldier connected with the Oregon Army National Guard has been killed in Iraq.
Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson is cutting 8 percent of its workforce and said jobs will be lost at its headquarters in Milwaukee and at its largest plant, in York, Pa.
The American Red Cross, one of the World's leading humanitarian organizations, has recently implemented a remote deposit capture solution to assist in the processing of donations collected at their chapter locations throughout the country.
The Advisor Confidence Index, a benchmark that gauges advisor views on the US economy and stock market, reports that advisor confidence fell in July, with the index slipping almost 6% from the June level to close at 98.75.
An elderly woman was beaten to death in a home invasion last night in southwest Houston.
Interstate 40 will be closed at 6 pm this evening and will remain closed until further notice.
Ethiopia and South Africa have been working jointly to ensure peace and security of the continent, South Africa Ambassador to Ethiopia and Permanent Representative to the Africa Union & UNECA said.
Obama, appearing on NBC's ``Late Night with Jimmy Fallon'' show, joined the comedy host in a popular feature of his program.
An ankle injury has ruled out the Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Pat Sims for rest of current season of the American professional football's premier league, National Football League.
The Spanish parliament approved a controversial fiscal amnesty Thursday, allowing taxpayers to avoid penalties by paying a levy on undeclared income or assets.
Artists are invited to submit their spiritual or religious work to the 8th Annual Juried Spiritual Art Show in March.
Alex Reid wants to be offered ``serious'' acting roles and hopes to be seen as more than just a ``loveable prat''.
The Chinese trade balance surplus narrowed to $14.17 billion in January compared with a previous surplus of $18.43 billion, and it was anticipated to show a surplus of $20.00 billion.
A new, $30 million foundation has been created in conjunction with the merger on Wednesday of Education Assistance Corp. of Aberdeen and Wisconsin-based Great Lakes Higher Education Corp.
Kuala Lumpur, Feb 18 India and Malaysia today signed a comprehensive market opening pact that throws up myriad trade opportunities for both sides and gives a boost to India''s Look East Policy and the prospects for its economic integration with South-East Asia.
The third oldest woman in the world passed away on Saturday, Dec. 6.
Peruvian Mario Vargas Llosa won the 2010 Nobel Prize in literature on Thursday as the academy honored one of the Spanish-speaking world's most acclaimed authors and an outspoken political activist who once came close to being elected president of his tumultuous homeland.
The Regence Foundation unveiled its signature philanthropic program today, Sojourns, to foster best practices, leadership and collaboration that help people with life-threatening and incurable illness to access quality palliative care in their own community.
The communist North has ordered UN atomic inspectors to leave the Yongbyon complex, which produced weapons-grade plutonium until it was shut down under a six-nation nuclear disarmament deal.
Illinois football coach Ron Zook expects junior running back Rashard Mendenhall to enter the NFL draft.
Senator Raza Rabbani, Chairman of the Implementation Commission on the 18th Amendment on Wednesday said that during the first phase of the implementation of 18th amendment, five ministries would be transferred to the provinces till the start of December this year.
Millwall manager Kenny Jackett admitted after defeat to Burnley that he wants to sign a new striker, while Eddie Howe was pleased with his side's battling characteristics.
Apparently, the planned 3p fuel duty increase has been put on hold until January of next year.
President Hosni Mubarak has sworn in his new cabinet despite his own increasingly precarious position.
Toyota is to reveal the all new Auris at the Paris Motor Show in September.
A leading British business group on Monday cut its growth forecasts for the country's economy over the next two years but insisted the government's austerity measures were correct.
Doug Belgrad and Matt Tolmach have each been named president of Columbia Pictures and have extended their employment agreements with the studio through 2011, it was announced today by Michael Lynton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sony Pictures Entertainment, and Amy Pascal, Co-Chairman of the studio.
Singer Leona Lewis was recovering today after being punched in the head as she signed books for fans.
CTV announced today that Robert Hurst will step down as President of CTV News and Current Affairs.
For the second year in a row, the Detroit Tigers set a single-season attendance record at Comerica Park, the team announced Thursday.
Despite Rihanna's best wishes and prayers on Twitter, Chris Brown failed his drug test.
Motion City Soundtrack will be releasing an acoustic EP via iTunes on May 6th.
German wholesale price inflation eased more than expected in November, data from the Federal Statistical Office showed Tuesday.
The owner of a Waltham Mexican restaurant plans to open a second location in Framingham on Route 9.
Consumers, beset by a credit crunch, rising energy and food costs and a prolonged housing slump, stayed away from the malls in March.
Leelee Sobieski and her fiance, Adam Kimmel, are expecting a baby, RadarOnline reports exclusively.
The Bank of Canada did the expected and raised its benchmark interest rate to 0.5 per cent on Tuesday, the first hike in nearly three years.
Schutt Sports Inc., a manufacturer of professional and youth foodtball and baseball helmets, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Amid reports that he will fire ministers who support the Outpost Law, Netanyahu promises Likud activists to protect settlement enterprise.
Annual net migration to Britain remains at a record high of more than 250,000 a year despite the declared ambition of the home secretary, Theresa May, to reduce it below 100,000 by the time of the next election, according to figures published on Thursday.
Former US surgeon general Richard Carmona said he's running for the US Senate in Arizona, giving big-name Democrats what they believe is their best chance to take a seat being vacated by Republican Jon Kyl.
Indian authorities suspect Islamist groups were behind coordinated bomb blasts in the troubled state of Assam that killed 76 people and wounded more than 320, police said today.
MILWAUKEE -Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig got a standing ovation for a strike.
Stephen Fry will explore his ``passion'' for language in a new BBC series titled Planet Word.
Photographer David LaChapelle is suing Rihanna over her new video ``S&M'', which he says directly steals from some of his images.
Labor has edged ahead of the coalition in the latest opinion polls, less than two weeks before the election.
A 41-year-old Muskegon Township man has been charged with second-degree criminal sexual conduct with a girl under the age of 13.
Shah Rukh Khan bonded well with the Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamta Banerjee at the inauguration ceremony of the 17th Kolkata Film Festival.
DMK MP Kanimozhi today walked free out of Tihar Jail after spending 193 days following her arrest in 2G spectrum allocation case and repeated denial of bail that had ignited a debate over bail jurisprudence in the country.
Hollywood star Jude Law has insisted he enjoys a 'very normal life' and still uses public transport.
The juvenile was charged with domestic assault and battery, intimidating a witness and two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon.
The German luxury car maker BMW fell into the red early this year, posting a first quarter net loss of 152 million euros, a statement said.
Japanese beer manufacturer Asahi Breweries has announced that it plans to become one of the world's top ten food companies, through acquisition and by expanding its business in China.
Singer Amy Winehouse, infamous for erratic public behavior, arrests and drug problems, was found dead at her apartment in London Saturday, police and her publicist confirmed.
US average diesel fuel prices, which have increased 27 cents per gallon during the past two weeks, reached a record high at $3.55 during the week ending February 25 at 4.6 percent higher than the previous week and 39 percent higher than the same period a year ago.
SafetyWeb, a Denver-based company that helps parents monitor their childrens' social networking activity in real-time, has raised $8 million in new VC funding.
If you're a Chase Bank customer, I doubt I'm telling you anything you don't know: the Chase website is down.
Finnair is to launch flights from Helsinki to the city of Yekaterinburg in the Urals region of Russia at the beginning of September.
A Southern Pines police officer was killed in the line of duty Saturday, according to police.
Jhargram, Mar 19 Thirteen Maoist-backed tribal women were granted bail by the court today after they were arrested for trying to storm into a police station in Jhargram area of West Midnapore district.
Yellow fever vaccines are available in South Africa following a recent worldwide shortage, the department of health said on Monday.
SpeakOUT Boston has scheduled fall training sessions for LGBT people interested in using their personal stories to help create a society free of homo-, bi-, and trans-phobia.
The Alberta government announced earlier this month that they will move forward on an inclusive education system, but they are facing criticism from Airdrie's MLA.
The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to hear a politically charged challenge to affirmative action at the University of Texas.
With BJP backed panel winning in the elections of Gujarat State Cooperative Bank, BJP has gained control of the cooperative banking sector in the Gujarat.
A man who threatened to leap from a Southern California highway overpass has surrendered after a 12-hour standoff that disrupted road and rail commutes.
Charter Communications will host a conference call on Thursday, May 6, at 9 am Eastern Time to discuss financial and operating results for the quarter ended March 31.
Students from North Point Church will continue to work on special service projects around Springfield today by helping with several community organizations.
Popstar Lady Gaga is helping her father recover after undergoing open-heart surgery.
Japanese-based Sony Corp. is expanding its Blu-ray Disc manufacturing operations in Terre Haute.
Federal authorities are investigating a 'security concern' aboard a US Airways aircraft at Philadelphia International Airport, the airline said.
Careers advice for teenagers in school has plummeted under Labour, research has suggested.
The Hobbit actor Christopher Lee has revealed that he will release a heavy metal album on his 91st birthday.
The National Democratic Alliance's prime ministerial candidate LK Advani on Saturday said the Bharatiya Janata Party-led front will form the next government at the Centre.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell the English Premier League club and has already rejected two offers, the Sunday Mirror reported.
A Cochiti Pueblo man has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing his 95-year-old grandmother.
James has decided to open up a Twitter account on Tuesday.
Israeli police overnight dismantled a Palestinian protest camp set up on a controversial piece of land on the outskirts of occupied Jerusalem, a police spokesman and activists said on Thursday.
Free agent receiver Devard Darling, former star at Fort Bend Austin High School, signed Thursday with the Houston Texans.
After coming to Westwood as the nation's No. 1 recruit and leading the Bruins in scoring in his first -- and likely only -- season at UCLA, freshman phenom Shabazz Muhammad was named a Freshman All-American by the US Basketball Writers Association.
A FATHER saved his baby daughter's life after her pram was blown into a canal by a gust of wind.
Troopers issued 70 tickets Friday and Saturday in speed enforcements in Westchester County, state police said today.
It has invested $32 million into Marketshare, an analytics company that helps advertisers figure out the best way to spend their budgets.
Grey's Anatomy star Eric Dane recently checked into a Los Angeles rehab clinic, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
Couples will be allowed to get married in the House of Commons in a historic move.
Robert Mulligan, who directed the classic film ``To Kill a Mockingbird,'' with its sensitive look at a child's world shaken by the racism of a Southern town, has died at 83.
Foursquare, a location-based service app, will soon incorporate daily deals from partners such as Groupon, Living Social, Gilt Groupe, and others into its product, Mashable reports.
Lily Allen has insisted that she is not promiscuous and is not fond of one-night stands.
Public schools will be closed today for Election Day, but some colleges and universities will be open.
Frontier Airlines has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Freddie Highmore says that his new movie The Art of Getting By tries to be truthful about relationships.
Punj Lloyd is likely to test Rs 90 in the coming sessions, says Shruti Vora, Antique Stock Broking.
The Vietnam veteran believes it is time for ``a regime change'' in the United States.
Venezuelan cableco and telecoms services provider NetUno has launched a new VoIP telephony service called Flash Phone, reports BNamericas, which enables clients to have a local fixed number as well as a fixed number in the US.
Ruggiero Ricci, a virtuoso violinist who first awed audiences at age 10 with his mastery of Mendelssohn and later remade himself into a mature musician whose range reached from the 19th-century acrobatics of Paganini's Caprices to premiere performances of contemporary works, died on Sunday at his home in Palm Springs, Calif. He was 94.
Theory will continue its trend of hosting multiple sample sales at a time this month, starting with a sale at Chelsea Market on May 14th, along with another at Clothingline.
Reliance Communications - the second largest mobile operator in India based on users - claims 2.8 million active 3G users, the highest in India.
Debt-laden property investor City Pacific has suspended monthly distribution payments to unitholders for July and August in one of its key funds, citing continuing market volatility.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Javon Walker was ``quickly recovering'' following hospitalization for a concussion and facial injuries after a Las Vegas robbery.
With just under 10 days left for election results, post-poll posturing gained momentum on Thursday with Samajwadi party setting conditions for their support while attempts were made to clear the air on Congress' ties with the DMK and Trinamool.
STOCKTON, Calif. The California State Controller said the city of Stockton is losing money for not turning in a financial transaction report for 2010-11.
Patrick Hall ran for 129 yards and two touchdowns and Gardner-Webb held off Charleston Southern 35-25 Saturday in its Big South Conference opener.
Despite tough economic times, President Obama assured the world that the United States is a good investment, and he's playing down reports that he and his European counterparts are at odds on how to fix the global economic crisis.
Stocks rose Monday after the death of Osama bin Laden, several strong earnings reports and a big acquisition in the drug industry.
President Obama insisted today that ``we will not miss a beat because of the change in command in the Afghan theater,'' since the new commander, General David Petraeus, helped formulate the strategy and knows many of the key players on the ground.
Former Illinois Attorney General Jim Ryan will speak about his son's suicide at the 10th anniversary ceremony of Suicide Prevention Services Inc.
MIDDLESBROUGH mayor Ray Mallon has apologised for a sex slur about one of his officers.
Shoe and apparel company Nike Inc. said Thursday that it will cut about 1,750 jobs worldwide, or 5 percent of its global work force.
If the buzz is to be believed, Mega power star Ram Charan is planning to remix yesteryear chartbuster 'Guvva Gorinkatho' song in his upcoming movie to be directed by VV Vinayak.
Now, Dhoni led Team India has no option but to return home empty handed.
Fox13Now.com The man hit and killed by a FrontRunner train Wednesday night has been identified.
Azerbaijan will purchase T-90S tanks from Russia, military sources told APA.
The Postal Service is cutting more than 300 jobs in Washington as it consolidates eight mail processing centers into two - at Seattle and Spokane.
The latest buzz in B'Town is that ``Slumdog Millionaire'' girl Freida Pinto denies her wedding rumors with Dev Patel calling it stupid.
During the Lakers' 5.20.09 practice, Pau Gasol discusses a late charge he drew against Carmelo Anthony, which both energized his team and himself.
Former CNN sports broadcaster Nick Charles Dies
Scientist possibly fathered 600 kids Updated: 05:13, Monday April 9, 2012 A pioneering British scientist who set up a controversial London fertility clinic with his wife in the 1940s may have fathered up to 600 children, according to research from two men who have discovered they are his biological sons.
A Miami developer is in the process of purchasing the vacant lot between Beverly Hills and Century City at 10000 Santa Monica Blvd, according to The Los Angeles Times.
Germany's Daimler AG confirmed Wednesday that it will enter a partnership with Renault SA and Nissan Motor Corp. to develop a new generation of small cars, share engines and cooperate in small commercial vans.
Amazon.com, Inc. today announced that it has reached an agreement to acquire Kiva Systems, Inc., a leading innovator of material handling technology.
Russia reacted ``with regret'' Saturday to the start of international military action in Libya, and it urged an end to violence on all sides.
Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee traded jokes with Jay Leno and played bass guitar with the ``Tonight Show'' band on Wednesday, the eve of the Iowa caucuses he hopes to win.
Funny man and former talk show host Dick Cavett came home to talk about depression, what he called ``the worst agony devised for man.''
A driver crashed a vehicle into the bedroom of a Garden Grove apartment today, but no one was hurt, police said.
Former Lok Sabha deputy speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal was on Tuesday unanimously elected speaker of the Punjab assembly and Dinesh Singh Babbu as deputy speaker.
Yao Ming is returning to the Houston Rockets -- a giant selling point for general manager Daryl Morey as he begins courting big-name free agents this week.
A federal judge in Florida stayed his own ruling against the Obama health care law on Thursday, allowing the act to be carried out as the case progresses through the Courts of Appeal and on to the Supreme Court.
A Quincy man who was pulled from the water at Wollaston Beach on Saturday died after suffering an apparent heart attack.
President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani have agreed on dissolving local bodies system and reshuffling in the federal cabinet during their meeting here Tuesday.
A collision between a semi trailer and a Jeep on Highway 33 near Lajord sent one man to hospital, Thursday evening.
ACTRESS Frances Barber has lamented the disappearance of older women's faces from the screen - but revealed that she is saving up for a facelift.
Hong Kong share prices closed slightly lower on Friday, down 0.25 per cent, weighed down by the Shanghai market and the drop of PetroChina's A-shares below their IPO price, dealers said.
IGate Corp said it accepted minority shareholders' offer of 520 rupees per share to delist its Indian unit Patni Computer Systems .
Cyclone Aila has killed at least 62 people in Bangladesh, private television station ATN said on Tuesday.
A Boulder High School principal has been arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, child abuse and criminal mischief following a dispute with his wife at his home.
Auckland Airport is looking for a new chief executive after today's resignation of Simon Moutter.
Security forces have also destroyed two Farari camps in Dera- Bugti, arrested nine injured militants and seized huge cache of arms from their possessions.
A Mississippi man died early Tuesday morning after crashing his pickup truck while trying to evade sheriff's deputies.
Former Liberian President Charles Taylor took the stand in his own defence at his war crimes trial on Tuesday and told judges the case against him was built on lies and misinformation.
S. Korea ruling party meets to pick new leaders The Grand National Party will elect a new chairman or chairwoman from seven candidates, all in their late 40s or early 50s.
A UN expert on Thursday opened a special investigation into drone warfare and targeted killings, which the United States relies on as a front-line weapon in its global war against al-Qaida.
The Dodgers activated shortstop Hanley Ramirez from the disabled list Monday, making room for him on the roster by placing pitcher Clayton Kershaw on the bereavement list.
Panasonic Corporation has expanded line of mini-notebooks Let's Note model R9, equipped with 10.4-inch display.
A fine arts center sponsored by the China National Academy of Painting will be established on May 25 to promote the art industry, the academy said Wednesday.
James E. Bennett, the President and CEO of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority recently announced his retirement after 14 years of service.
North Korea could conduct a third nuclear test or missile launch before next year's US and South Korean presidential elections if nuclear disarmament talks fail, a senior Seoul official said Friday.
After a morning practice that saw wide receiver Brandon Marshall injure his hamstring, it was twistedly ironic to hear John Mellencamp's Hurts So Good blasting from the outdoor speakers as the players took the field, sans Marshall.
The Coca-Cola Co. said today that its fourth-quarter profit fell 18 percent as it dealt with the global recession and volatility in the currency markets.
George Jones, the iconic country music singer known by generations for his distinctive voice and phrasing, died Friday in Nashville at 81, his publicist said.
Russia, the UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Hong Kong are top five financial locations for expatriates and France is the least popular, showed a global survey.
About 200 Arabtec workers, who took part in a four-day strike by foreign workers seeking higher pay, will be repatriated to their home countries, Dubai's police chief has said.
Gaza terrorists fired a rocket at Ashkelon on Wednesday night.
Dannii Minogue has announced she has split with Kris Smith, the father of her son.
Shortly after receiving the Printz Award for her 2005 novel How I Live Now, she returns to the young adult scene with What I Was -- a stark, edgy portrayal of a sixteen-year-old boy whose life is suffocated by the stodgy pressures of St. Oswald's boarding school.
Walmart says it plans to hire more than 100,000 veterans in the United States over the next five years.
The death toll in Tuesday's deadly shooting spree in south Alabama rose to 12 Wednesday as police searched for clues into the deadly shooting rampage that stretched across two counties.
Wolves striker Steven Fletcher is considering a transfer request to try to push through a move away from Molineux.
The Bengals' Sept. 25 home game at 1 pm vs. San Francisco will not be televised locally.
Olympic and world 200-meter butterfly bronze medalist Takeshi Matsuda won the 200 freestyle at the national swimming championships Friday.
The largest hydropower station on Lancang River in Southwest China's Yunnan Province - known as the Mekong River in Southeast Asia - went into operation Thursday with its first power generating unit up and running.
Canadian housing starts fell 12.3 percent in February to a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 134,600 units from 153,500 units in January, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said on Monday.
A federal magistrate judge has entered a not guilty plea for a Wichita pharmacist accused of distributing controlled substances outside a medical practice.
itsmy, a mobile social game developer and gaming network is expanding its mobile browser game platform to accommodate new social features to connect the various games and game players better.
The renowned Muslim scholar Dr Zakir Naik has been banned from entering UK.
WYCOMBE'S X Factor contestant's band Rhythmix will change its name after a children's charity threatened to sue.
On Friday, the Faith Temple Church food giveaway will return to the church parking lot because of activities of the Sioux Empire Fair.
Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt - Schwabe's Intellectual Property Practice Sees Strong Growth in 2009 Firm projects similar growth in 2010.Despite the difficult economic circumstances in 2009, the intellectual property practice group of Northwest law firm Schwabe, Williamson amp;amp;
Kim Kardashian has revealed that she's become a 'workaholic' and has turned to torturous work-outs at the gym after breaking up with boyfriend Reggie Bush.
A plan to overhaul the Cleveland Metropolitan School District was signed into law on Monday before a crowd at John F. Kennedy High School.
Chief of his own faction Pakistan Muslim League Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday decried the PPP government for having established double standards in the US-led war against terrorism, saying that US drones fly from nowhere but the Pakistani soil, report said.
The PGA Tour dropped its doping case against Vijay Singh on Tuesday based on new information from the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Illinois may rank low in pet ownership, but the Daily Herald ranks high.
The Sprint Center is celebrating a successful first year with the opening performance of rock legend Tina Turner's first tour in eight years.
Toro Rosso driver Jean-Eric Vergne says they need to keep on making progress so as to improve the pace of their car in order to achieve good results in the 2012 Formula 1 season ahead.
The LA Times is now reporting that Brooke Burke is set to join ABC hit Dancing With the Stars once again, but this time the brunette beauty returns as the show's newest co-host.
PESHAWAR, PAKISTAN // A remote-controlled bomb killed 35 people and wounded more than 60 others yesterday in the deadliest attack in months in north-western Pakistan.
After waiving Mason on Monday, the Wizards signed Almond, a 26-year-old, 6-foot-6 shooting guard from Rice.
More rain is predicted over the next 10 days for the southern part of the nation's corn belt, potentially delaying the start of corn planting.
A Kenyan terror suspect admitted guilt in court Monday for possession of six bombs including four suicide vests and being a member of al-Shabab, the Somali Islamist extremist group allied to al-Qaida that has vowed terrorist attacks on Kenya.
Pakistan possessed up to 110 nuclear weapons and spent a whopping $2.2 billion on its atomic arsenal last year, claims a report by an international NGO, prompting Islamabad to call it ``highly exaggerated''.
Madonna was inducted into the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame on Monday, March 10, 2008 at The Waldorf Astoria in New York City, among a crowd of A list stars and legendary musical artists such as Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, Ed Burns, and Justin Timberlake.
Parker's remains were found in Chattooga County on the east side of the Chattooga River.
A human head has been found in a bag by a woman out for a morning walk.
The Nanocade lets you turn your netbook into a mini arcade cabinet and if you don't want to use a netbook you can also use a mini-ITX motherboard and a 10.1 inch display to make this awesome MAME arcade cabinet.
Charlie Sheen has been fired from CBS sitcom Two And A Half Men following his most recent and troubling behaviour.
State Sen. Kirk Dillard, R-Hinsdale, recently was selected to serve on several key Senate committees by Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno, R-Lemont, including a reappointment to serve as Republican spokesman on the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The state level satyagrah movement which was to be organized by MP Employees Congress on 4th of October for the solution of the 20 point demands of state employees has been cancelled regarding the retirement age to be 65, payment of 10 % DA, to implement soon the approval of Agrawal salary commission, policemen, fourth grade, timely salary of work charged employees and to regularize the service of daily wage employees.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has insisted that he is happy with Sunday's 2-2 draw with Chelsea in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
After walking the ramp for designers like Vivienne Westwood and Ritchie Rich, Pamela Anderson is turning fashion designer with an environment friendly fashion line.
High pressure cylinders for motor vehicles that use Compressed Natural Gas for their propulsion can now benefit from lightweight, cost competitive, advanced composite materials.
The health inspectors in the public health services pulled back their planned protest on Thursday following intervention by the health minister and health secretary, who have promised to look into their demands.
Nakheel is expected to temporarily open the British cruise liner QE2 to visitors in its current condition before the restoration work on the ship begins.
``I've said time and again, I'm a pro-life candidate, I'll be a pro-life president,'' Mr. Romney told reporters Wednesday in response to a question as he campaigned at Bun's Restaurant in the city of Delaware, north of Columbus.
David Beckham said he was humbled to present a lifetime achievement award to Pele at a charity event in Manhattan Wednesday.
Los Angeles-based Uber.com, the new startup headed by former Friendster CEO Scott Sassa, said this morning that it has expanded its board.
Hollywood socialite Paris Hilton, who is famous for sporting multifarious hair extensions, has launched her own hair extension line called 'Bandits'.
Atheism is reportedly on the rise in Texas, which isn't that surprising considering the overall number of atheists in the United States is on the rise as well.
Australian sprinter Black Caviar stretched her unbeaten run to 21 with an effortless victory in the Group One Goodwood at Morphettville.
US Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Eric Boswell will visit Azerbaijan on April 3, spokesperson for the US embassy in Azerbaijan Keith Bean told APA.
Jaguars running back Fred Taylor went to his first Super Bowl in January.
In a major development, Pakistan is all set to divert the water flows of the River Neelum into the tunnel of much touted Neelum-Jehlum Hydropower project of 969 MW of electricity by 15th of the current month meaning thereby that the river will get dried below the place of Suneri on the said date.
Ferrari driver Felipe Massa has said that he is feeling pleased with his performance in 2012 Monaco Grand Prix held at Circuit de Monaco on May 27.
Dubai, Jun 16 India plans to streamline the recruitment process for Indian housemaids to Oman in a bid to protect them from exploitation and provide greater security and better service condition.
Samsung has launched its flagship Galaxy Note in white exclusively at John Lewis today.
Red Wings defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom agreed to a one-year deal yesterday worth $6.2 million to return to Detroit for his 20th season.
Cocaine use doubled in Mexico in the six years to 2008, the health minister says, arguing that tougher border controls on smuggling has pushed more of the drug into the domestic market.
The city plans to uproot and replace 12,000 street trees in the next 10 years.
Japan is considering lending about $60 billion to the International Monetary Fund to help strengthen a global firewall against contagion from the European sovereign debt crisis, Kyodo news agency said yesterday.
The Clinton campaign has announced that former President Bill Clinton will return to Montana on Sunday, June 1 st .
Mike Thompson was elected to membership on the Community Council of the Georgia Mountain Research and Education Center at its April meeting.
The Colombian navy said Thursday it killed a drug trafficker and seized 3.4 tons of cocaine overnight from a boat in the northwestern Gulf of Uraba.
Kate Hudson is engaged to Muse frontman Matthew Bellamy, her beau of nearly a year and father to her unborn child.
A Gainesville teen driver who reportedly hit a motorcyclist has been charged with leaving the scene of an accident.
A 20-year-old drunk driver was arrested after attempting to evade officers, according to the El Paso Police Department.
Moorhead police say a woman used a window fan to block a suspected burglar from entering her apartment early Wednesday.
``A democracy is always temporary in nature; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government.
The Steel Secretary said that steel pipe and tube makers will cut product prices by 10%.
Briton Claude Choules, the last World War I combat veteran, has died aged 110 in Australia, ending the living connection with a conflict that saw 70 million military personnel mobilised.
Las Vegas Sands, the casino operator run by billionaire Sheldon Adelson, swung to a quarterly profit as it benefited from improved businesses in Macau and Singapore.
Anton Ferdinand has told a court that he found alleged racist abuse by John Terry ``very hurtful''.
An Armenian family was killed in Syria fighting in Damascus, Aztag daily correspondent reported from Syria's capital.
The Girl Scouts of Eastern Pennsylvania will be honoring outstanding women in their communities with their ``Take the Lead'' program.
Nadine Coyle has revealed that she's planning on having a long engagement to her fiancé Jason Bell - she even says the wedding could be 10 years away! ``It will definitely be a long engagement,'' she said.
Defence Minister Lindiwe Sisulu on Monday revealed the details of controversial sponsorships received by her department, ranging from marble rolling pins to funds to host golf days and conferences.
The NHS is suffering potentially devastating cuts to jobs and patient services under the government's austerity drive, the British Medical Association has warned.
The first batch of Indian Haj pilgrims will leave for Saudi Arabia Tuesday, beginning a two-and-a-half month operation during which over 123,000 Indian Muslims will perform the annual pilgrimage in the holy city of Makkah.
US consumer spending rose 0.8% in May as Americans cashed in on the government's $145bn economic stimulus package.
Residential, commercial and investment property auctioneer Auction House has launched a West of England office.
FISHWORKS has reported pre-tax losses of £2.59 million for the six months leading up to the end of January this year.
Frankfurt - German airline Lufthansa plans to pack passengers tighter together so that it can save costs by carrying more people per jet, a spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday in Frankfurt.
The Secret Slide by Brems Doors is a sliding door, which does not stand or hang from a visible rail.
ECB plays down fresh crisis fears Updated: 11:28, Friday March 8, 2013 The European Central Bank has held its main refinancing rate at a historic low of 0.75 per cent, playing down concerns that political gridlock in Italy could trigger a resurgence in the debt crisis.
With the recent storm damage, it's a good idea to remember how to protect yourself from scammers.
Forsyth will perform for one night only at the Royal Albert Hall on May 3, 2012.
Jones made a family feud public when he posted a video message on his website Wednesday, April 25, 2012, thanking fans as he recovers from an upper respiratory infection and accusing his daughter, Georgette, of spreading lies about him on the Internet, which she denies.
Heating stove distributor Euroheat has opened a biomass training centre and showroom in Bishops Frome, Worcestershire.
Belk is planning to add about 150 employees to its corporate workforce over the next year.
Associated Press - February 10, 2011 1:35 PM ET Police say a CD found by an Ohio toddler showing another child being sexually abused in Palm Springs, Calif., about six years ago has led to an Ohio man's arrest.
Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil will be on a day-long visit of Chhattisgarh tomorrow.
Classes were canceled at an area school Monday because it didn't have sufficient heat for the cold temperatures.
THE British Foreign and Commonwealth Office have released the latest annual British Behaviour Abroad report that reveals Britons are continuing to get into trouble abroad, with key concerns including drink and drug related cases.
Veteran striker Alessandro del Piero shot Juventus into the last 16 of the Champions League after scoring both goals in their 2-0 victory over Real Madrid in Spain.
A market stallholder from Hayes has been prosecuted for selling fake DVDs at Wembley market.
The Pennsylvania Game Commission said a hunter in Lackawanna County shot himself in the backside.
A woman's ex-husband came to her rescue Thursday morning after her car slid off an icy road and into a creek near Smithville.
A Horncastle man will face three charges when he appears before Skegness Magistrates this Friday.
The San Francisco Chronicle's Susan Slusser suspects that Jack Cust may be designated for assignment shortly.
A man was shot and killed Sunday night in San Francisco``s Mission District, police said.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Thursday that he'll stay in his job for the ``foreseeable future,'' addressing speculation he might leave the Obama administration after the current round of budget negotiations.
European Capital Markets report that the European real estate debt market is loosening up as more financing options become available and new lenders are entering the market.
Three Lake Country youths saved each other from the frigid cold waters of Wood Lake.
Warid Telecom introduced a review of post-paid packages up to 40 percent savings on call rates.
Lord Andrew Lloyd-Webber has quit the BBC to front a show for ITV1 for to find a star to appear in a touring production of 'Jesus Christ Superstar'.
DC Mayor Adrian Fenty and his main challenger Vincent Gray will debate at the Newseum in Washington shortly before the September primary.
Families with children will be hardest hit by tax and benefit changes aimed at cutting the deficit, a charity argues.
IBM earned the award for World Community Grid, in essence the virtual equivalent in processing power to a Top 10 supercomputer devoted to humanitarian research.
A group of rebel military officers is still plotting against the Philippine government, a senior official said yesterday as he warned senior police to be on their guard.
Detroit Free Press staff members won Emmys for three projects at the 35th annual National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Michigan chapter Emmy Gala Awards at the MotorCity Casino's Sound Board on June 15.
The BRIC countries continue to surge higher in 2009, as they've far outpaced stock markets of so-called ``developed' countries.
Chip makers will stick to using 300mm wafers out of which to craft their wares, while the economics of next generation 450mm wafer production remain unproven.
In a recent interview with Rolling Stone Magazine, Taylor Swift talked about her next album after ``Fearless.''
Scientists at the Swedish Medical University, Karolinska Institutet, have confirmed that the fear of free radicals may be exaggerated.
A popular College Park restaurant was destroyed in a fire that burned for nearly 24 hours.
A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for counties near the Kansas-Colorado border.
A former New England mob boss pleaded guilty to federal charges Monday in a plea deal that could get him released from prison in nine months.
Youth can play a pivotal role in the economic development by efficiently utilising their skills and education, said Federal Minister for Ministry of Youth Affairs Shahid Hussain Bhutto.
Smithfield Foods say it plans to cut 1,800 jobs and close six factories as part of a restructuring.
Sioux Falls Police are investigating an Armed Robbery at Crown Casino, 2516 W. 41st Street just before 2 this morning.
Dr. Keith Payne, President of the National Institute for Public Policy, argues in his latest article that the Senate was misinformed by the Obama Administration about New START.
Wholesale prices moved up 0.2% in May, seasonally adjusted, the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the US Department of Labor reported.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - President Barack Obama is remembering 14 Americans killed Monday in helicopter crashes in Afghanistan, saying ``they gave their lives to protect ours.''
As expected, the Phillies activated Jose Contreras from the disabled list prior to today's game.
Outboard mirrors are to be banned from Formula 1 effective with from the Chinese Grand Prix, following concerns over poor visibility from sidepod-mounted mirrors creating a safety issue.
Sewage that overflows into urban creeks and streams during periods of heavy rain can promote the spread of West Nile virus, a study led by Emory University finds.
Václav Havel, the Czech dissident playwright and human rights advocate who helped peacefully lead his nation out of communist control, died today at 75.
The US consulate in the cosmopolitan Gulf Arab business hub of Dubai closed to the public for security reasons Wednesday, it said without giving details of any threats.
Accrington manager Paul Cook has called for consistency from officials after being sent to the stands in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
BETHLEHEM, West Bank The traditional birthplace of Jesus is celebrating its merriest Christmas in years, as tens of thousands of tourists thronged Bethlehem on Friday for the annual holiday festivities in this biblical West Bank town.
Mayfest organizers are banking on warm weather and sunny skies this week to bring the Fort Worth festival into the black, two years after swine flu threatened to end the event for good.
A Bridgeport museum reopened after a tornado caused extensive damage last week, and there's nothing like a party to celebrate the world's greatest show.
Socialite heiress Paris Hilton has vowed never to appear on reality TV show ``I'm A Celebrity...
Von Maur Inc. has settled a federal discrimination lawsuit in which the Davenport-Iowa based company allegedly failed to hire black applicants because of their race.
'England under Capello' hit a new low last night, as the Three Lions stumbled to a 0-0 European Championship qualifier against football minnows Montenegro at Wembley.
Executive Director of Armenian-American Health Center Khachanush Hakobyan said that due to unknown reasons oncological diseases not only affect greater number of people but also growingly affect younger generations both in Armenia and across the globe.
Shaun Alexander, accompanied by two Chick-fil-A cows, emerged from a pick-up truck to deliver the game ball to the officials.
A benefit meal and raffle are planned from 6 to 8 pm Saturday at the Moose Lodge for Eli Hale, an 11-year-old Concordia boy who underwent a heart transplant on July 13.
Kobe Bryant wants Gilbert Arenas to join the Los Angeles Lakers and has even contacted Arenas personally.
Global brewing giant SABMiller PLC said Thursday it will enter the high growth market of specialty beers, where its main competitors Belgian Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and Dutch Heineken NV are already active, with a distribution agreement with the Belgian Van Steenberge Brewery.
A FREAK weather divide yesterday saw Scots escape snow that brought much of England to a standstill.
Bristol Rovers today lost at home to Walsall making it 4 games with out a win.
PETN explosive used by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, alleged Detroit terrorist on board Northwest flight 253 on Friday.
Jamie Roberts will take a trip down memory lane when he returns to action for the Blues this weekend.
Busch led 378 of 502 laps on Sunday to win at Bristol, his second victory of the season.
With India putting Pakistan on the defensive over cross-border terrorism, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday said President Asif Ali Zardari did not raise the Kashmir issue during his discussions with him in Russia.
Dutch teachers are going on strike on Tuesday in protest against cuts in special schools.
A MOLOTOV cocktail was thrown at a synagogue in the centre of the Egyptian capital on Sunday, causing no casualties or damage, the official news agency Mena reported.
Two and a Half Men star Charlie Sheen entered a not guilty plea on charges of assaulting his wife last Christmas in a ski resort in Aspen, Colorado where the family was having their vacation.
Vibo Telecom, one of the five 3G mobile telecom carriers in Taiwan, plans to procure 2,000 HSPA+ base stations as well as 300,000 handsets of which 50% may be smartphones in 2011, according to company CEO George Chou at the 2011 shareholders meeting on June 10.
DREW Mitchell could make a shock early return to save NSW's ailing Super Rugby season - if the Waratahs can stay alive by beating the Bulls on Friday.
A UK newspaper says British and French nuclear submarines collided in the Atlantic earlier this month.
An accident closed route 41 in southern Vigo County Saturday night.
Cromwell wineries are opposing a proposed asphalt manufacturing plant because of fears emissions will taint their grapes.
As the tussle for the top job at International Monetary Fund hots up following the resignation of its disgraced former chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn, India has lashed out at the rich nations, saying they don't ``want to give up power easily''.
All Pigs Must Die have posted a new song from their forthcoming album onto the Brooklyn Vegan website.
Former NFL and Michigan State receiver Andre Rison faces a court-ordered bankruptcy to pay more than $105,000 in back child support and other claims.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic Minnesota Twins pitcher Francisco Liriano said Monday he received his US visa and was preparing to travel to spring training in Florida.
Louis Auchincloss, a prolific author of fiction and nonfiction whose dozens of books imparted sober, firsthand knowledge of America's patrician class, has died.
A Russian national channel said Thursday it would censor ``The Simpsons'' cartoon series to comply...
Lake Delton authorities say a Chicago woman remains in critical condition after nearly drowning at a Wisconsin Dells water park.
The most deadly form of ``ovarian'' cancer arises in the fallopian tubes -- not the ovaries -- of knockout mice that lack two genes associated with the disease, said researchers led by Baylor College of Medicine in a report that appears online in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A Kentucky man allegedly shot and killed the legendary chupacabra after he found it prowling on his front lawn.
Del Monte Foods Co. sold $1.3 billion of eight-year senior notes on Tuesday, part of a $4.75 billion debt offering to fund its leveraged buyout by a private-equity consortium led by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.
JPMorgan Chase has released its full set of corporate responsibility reports, highlighting the firm's global efforts to help grow the economy, strengthen the communities in which it operates, expand educational opportunity, and promote environmental sustainability.
US Border Patrol halts flights with illegal immigrations from Mexicans The US government has halted flights home for Mexicans caught entering the country illegally in the deadly summer heat of Arizona's deserts, a money-saving move that ends a seven-year experiment that cost taxpayers nearly $100 million.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Tuesday the creation of a job center at the Brooklyn Public Library.
The Ashland Food Co-op Thursday agreed to a settlement of the unfair labor practice charge filed against it by a local union in November.
Social Development Minister Paula Bennett's self congratulatory tone in Parliament on youth unemployment doesn't match with the reality that 3000 more young Kiwis have gone on the dole since she announced her Job Ops scheme, says Labour's Youth Affairs spokesperson Jacinda Ardern.
HSBC has launched a 1.99% mortgage - it's lowest rate ever.
The Pentagon announced yesterday that it had dropped conspiracy and terrorism charges against five Guantanamo detainees, including a Briton, but said it could reinstate them ``at a later time.''
Lil Wayne's built a skate park in Lower 9th Ward, New Orleans, one of the areas of the city left devastated by Hurricane Katrina.
India Entertainment City Company, a subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment House, announced yesterday the commencement of infrastructure work on its $400m India Entertainment City project, in Navi Mumbai.
A new study done by the World Anti-Doping Agency may reveal international-level athletes to be doping.
Brooke Vincent reportedly had to break up a row outside a Manchester club after a night out turned sour.
``Nifty has a good support around 5,280-5,290 and weekly closing above 5,300 is a further strong signal. It would face strong resistance around 5,400-5,405. However, traders are suggested to buy at dips as long as Nifty is holding 5,280. IT, Banking and Metals may attract buying while Pharma and FMCG might appear weak,`` said brokerage house FairWealth, while commenting on the outlook for next week.
TV Land has announced it has renewed its High School Reunion revival for a second season, which is currently scheduled to debut in early 2009.
North Korea vowed yesterday to bolster its nuclear deterrent, describing an exercise by United States and South Korean troops as preparation for a ``war of aggression'' against the communist state.
The FIFA head office in Johannesburg was burgled last weekend.
The food inflation rate shot up to 11.43% for the week ended October 15, the sharpest increase in six months.The last time that food inflation stood this high was on April 9 at 11.53 %.
US President Barack Obama has postponed his trip to Australia and Indonesia until June as he attempts to push his historic health care reform bill through Congress.
IPTV home connectivity products provider Entone has unveiled FusionTV, a managed service that provides telecommunication operators with the ability to offer 'over the top' content blended with linear HDTV programming.
Two recent foot pursuits by the Pomeroy Police Department resulted in as many arrests, including the arrest of an alleged fugitive from Mingo County, W.Va.
The federal government will build three dams in southern Sudan costing 600 million US dollars to meet the needs of electricity demand in the semi-autonomous region.
Mexican airport operator Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB de CV, known as OMA provided information regarding the total suspension of operations of the airlines Mexicana de Aviación, Click Mexicana, and Mexicana Link that was effective noon, Saturday, August 28th.
Oil tumbled below $82 in Asian trade on Monday, extending last week's losses as financial markets reeled from the impact of fraud charges against Wall Street icon Goldman Sachs, analysts said.
Perkins Coie, a law firm in Seattle, is opening a Dallas office to focus on real estate and lending issues.
The Department of Education, Arts & Culture is issuing a call to artists to provide art class instruction as part of its Artsploration program.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signed massive income tax cuts into law Tuesday, expressing confidence they would boost the economy and not create future budget problems or shift the state's tax burden to the poor.
Rumors that the BoE is to cut the repo rate in an emergency announcement today, after ONS data releases at 8.30GMT.
The defence ministry on Monday cleared an over Rs 12,000-crore project to acquire 56 transport aircraft for the IAF to replace its ageing fleet of Avro planes.
A novel 3D printing method could allow the creation of polymer features at a resolution of just 10nm, opening up the path to a raft of new metamaterials.
The White House says Vice President Joe Biden has met with U2 frontman Bono to discuss global development, AIDS and efforts to fight poverty.
Unlike Dropbox and Google Drive, Sony Playmemories Online offers 5GB of free cloud storage solely for stashing media files including photos and HD videos, rather than emails and documents.
Microsoft Windows Communications Manager, Brandon LeBlanc, has announced that availability for the Windows 7 beta download has been extended until February 10th, 2009.
A Grand Rapids nursing home says an elderly patient hit a nurse with a hammer.
Some TV stations will cut their analog signals today and move to digital-only broadcasting.
``I join with people of all faiths to express devotion and gratitude to the Lord, who has so richly blessed us. On this National Day of Prayer, we are reminded of those who have sacrificed so much to give us the freedom to worship freely and to speak openly about our faith. As I travel across this country every day, I see God's grace and faithfulness in the lives of so many Americans who share their stories. And it is my prayer that as we strive to better America and to protect her from those who would do her harm, the Lord will keep us strong and free and we will remain one nation under God.''
Oil held steady above $74 today, buoyed by industry data showing a sharp drawdown in US crude stocks and an unexpected fall in gasoline supply, but the firm dollar limited gains.
Iraqi police say a car bomb that exploded in Baqouba killed at least 30 people and wounded dozens of others.
Actor, Ethan Hawke is about to become a daddy again, this time with Ryan Shawhughes, described as the nanny of his previous two children with Uma Thurman.
The trial of a Pitt County man accused of brutally murdering his girlfriend has been delayed again.
Jones said after practice Tuesday that he had talked extensively with Bryant, who was arrested July 16 for allegedly assaulting his mother.
AJAY Rochester has denied dumping her household rubbish in someone else's skip, as she prepares to move to America in the hope of kickstarting her TV career.
Microsoft has announced that it will be releasing an emergency security patch to combat the hackers which may be taking advantage of security flaws in Internet Explorer.
20 year stand-up comedy vet Yul Spencer is gearing up for his new one man show, Ya Gotta Go Higher.
AS Roma have been fined 50,000 euros for racist behavior by fans in Sunday's Serie A match at AC Milan, a game interrupted by the referee early in the second half.
With UPA facing allegations of corruption, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said his government wants to use new technology to curb dishonesty and bring transparency in governance.
A structural biologist at the Florida State University College of Medicine has made discoveries that could lead scientists a step closer to understanding how life first emerged on Earth billions of years ago.
Yesterday, an investigation by Reuters revealed that Wellpoint routinely drops coverage of women with breast cancer.
A contrite Ben Roethlisberger said he got caught up in being acaricature called Big Ben, not the grounded player and person he oncewas, leading to his off-field problems and affecting his play as theSteelers quarterback.
Ryan Mathews is expected to retake his starting job ``soon,'' perhaps as early as Week 6 against the Rams.
New Delhi, April 26 The Supreme Court Thursday said it wanted journalists to know their limits in reporting court proceedings even as the central government favoured framing of guidelines for the media, claiming that the right to freedom of speech and expression was for the benefit of people and not the press.
ING believes it does not need to make an acquisition on the Romanian banking market, with the first strategic option being the continuation of organic growth for which it has sufficient resources, says Michel Tilmant, 56, CEO of the biggest Dutch banking group.
A man died after falling from a rock face at a well known climbing area, police said.
WLNE-TV, Channel 6, laid off six employees this week, four full-time workers and two part-time, among them reporter Jennifer Gannon.
After sitting out the Bears' game against the Carolina Panthers last week because of a concussion, quarterback Jay Cutler is expected to play -- and is expecting to play -- against the Seahawks in Chicago on Sunday.
Cognitec Systems, leading provider of face recognition technology, recently released two product upgrades with the new face recognition algorithm B6T8.
Rep. Mike Pence said today he will not vote for the financial industry rescue plan that the House could consider as soon as this evening.
A woman has been charged with child endangerment after a crash that ended with her car in the Mississippi River.
Birds Eye is to withdraw three beef ready meal products from stores in UK and Ireland after tests found 2% of horse DNA in a chilli con carne dish sold by Birds Eye in Belgium.
A helicopter made an emergency landing Saturday afternoon near Avila Beach Drive and Highway 101, according to the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Department.
Sikkim Football Association has congratulated former Indian captain Baichung Bhutia on being appointed chairman of the technical committee of the All India Football Federation.
Meriden police are investigating a bank robbery on East Main Street Monday afternoon.
Padres placed RHP Chris Young on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to April 7, with right shoulder tightness.
Leader of the House in the Senate Raza Rabbani Sunday said PML-Q will not be a part of coalition government.
Many techies are giving reasons why Motorola Droid X is better than iPhone 4 & HTC Evo 4G?
A judge has dismissed allegations against Bob Barker in a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by a ''Price Is Right'' employee, saying the game-show's longtime host was not her boss.
John Mayer is canceling his upcoming US tour and will take an indefinite hiatus from live performing.
Max New York Life Insurance launched its `Lifeline` health insurance plans.
THE latest football transfer rumours on Friday, August 10, involve Sunderland, Tottenham, Real Madrid, Manchester City and Chelsea amongst many others.
BASE metals on the London Metal Exchange have closed mostly higher after the euro strengthened following the European Central Bank's rate decision, lifting the appeal of the US dollar-denominated metals to euro holders.
Bibliographic information company Bowker will provide ISBNs for Google Editions, which do not already have publisher assigned ISBNs.
POLICE attended an incident in Ahoghill at the weekend in which a dog was struck by a vehicle.
Sources inform ''Globes'' that Noble Energy Inc. has fired its Israeli lobbyist, Gilad Government Relations and Lobbying, which was the focus of an investigative report on lobbying in the Knesset by Ilana Dayan's ``Uvda'' program on Channel 2.
Loudoun County ranks fourth in the nation for job growth over the last eight years, according to a survey by CNNmoney.com.
China will play a more important role in the world economy if the global financial crunch leads the three richest economies into recession next year.
Fife youth boys were rescued from frostbite in the mountain between Pleven hut and Levski hut, the National Medical Coordinative Centre told FOCUS News Agency.
Singapore and Vietnam agreed to forge deeper economic ties through the Singapore-Vietnam Connectivity Framework Agreement amidst the global economic downturn.
A man killed his daughter and her paramour in the area of Nishatabad police station here late Thursday night.
The Calgary Stampeders announced they have signed non-import receiver Jabari Arthur to a contract extension on Monday.
The Indian rupee opened at 53.24-53.25 to the dollar today as against previous day's closing value of 53.30 a dollar.
Vitali Klitschko will defend his WBC heavyweight title against Shannon Briggs on October 16.
HOMS, -More than 30 army and law enforcement members were injured, some severely, by armed terrorist groups in Bab Sba' in Homs.
Redmond O'Neal, who remains in police custody, was formally charged with one felony count of heroin possession Tuesday.
Farrah Fawcett is refusing to give up hoping for a cure in her battle with anal cancer and admits she is praying ``for a miracle''.
Transaero, Russia's third largest airline, has signed a five year, multi-million dollar agreement with aviation IT specialist SITA for its passenger management system.
Bell Canada is boosting internet speeds in Ontario and Quebec by rolling out new fibre infrastructure, bringing Canada in line with what has been happening in other parts of the world for years.
A Rhinelander man is facing mulitple charges in Lincoln County following a motorcyle crash on Saturday night.
Manchester City defender Kolo Toure made an unexpected appearance at a soccer convention on Thursday and said he hoped to be back soon after being suspended for a positive drug test earlier this month.
Lately reports say that actress Angelina Jolie could play Marilyn Monroe in a new movie about the actress' life.
A Salt Lake City man has been charged with sexually assaulting a boy he met at church.
SPIRIT DSP, the world's top voice and video over IP engines provider, today announced a significant upgrade to its TeamSpirit cross-platform voice and video engines, a set of sophisticated SDKs for service providers, software application developers and OEMs/ODMs to quickly launch
Dynegy Inc. is denying a request by major shareholder Seneca Capital to get rid of its ``poison pill'' plan on the same day that billionaire investor Carl Icahn extended his tender offer for the energy producer.
Andrei Kondakov, the president of the Black Sea Trade and Development Bank, said Monday in Yerevan that the Bank was considering the possibility of acquiring stakes in several successful Armenian companies.
Lt. Gov. Patrick Quinn called on Gov. Blagojevich today to ``do the right thing and step aside.''
Shame-faced Kristen Stewart has broken her silence.
As posted earlier, Alex Ferguson was indeed charged by the FA this afternoon with improper conduct following his comments about match official Martin Atkinson's performance following the Mancunians 2-1 defeat at the hands of Chelsea.
Coach Bob Stoops said after Monday's practice that he expects cornerback Jamell Fleming and center Ben Habern to return to the field Saturday against Texas A&M.
A new poll released this week by McLaughlin and Associates shows that Americans understand better than Congress that Iran is a serious a threat to our national security and is a dangerous actor amongst its neighbors.
Aguero said Monday on his official website that he wants to take ''a new step'' in his career, saying it's difficult to leave Atletico but necessary to continue his development as a player.
Thatta flood survivors celebrated Eid as another day of worries.
Essendon legend Matthew Lloyd is expected to announce his retirement from the AFL this morning.
Getit Infoservices, a producer of yellow pages and directories has raised Rs.20 crore from venture capital fund Helion Venture Partners.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini is confident his team will bounce back quickly from Monday's 2-1 defeat to Chelsea, claiming 'the result is a lesson for us'.
British medical scientists have devised a test to identify the best potential AIDS vaccines, a newspaper reported Monday.
To me it is mindboggling we still hear financial commentators and others who should know better utter this inane phrase on a regular basis: ``Investors hate uncertainty.''
What kind of traveling hat do you wear when you fly from the Cleveland+ region?
Korean Air, Korea's national airline, is to resume flights to Colombo next month following the boom in tourism and increased travellers from there.
Brazil ( Images ) playmaker Kaka ( Images ) shrugged off worries about his fitness and form after a difficult season for Real Madrid ( Images ) on Tuesday and said he would be 100 percent fit at the World Cup.
Adeyemi, who was out of contract at the Premier League club this summer, joins the a Blues on a two-year-deal and will officially become part of Lee Clark's squad on July 1.
Attorney-General Johannes Tomana has taken over a ranch in Masvingo in the midst of an apparent spree of acquisition of properties in the province by President Robert Mugabe's senior officials.
Glendale Mayor Ara Najarian said with the opening of a branch of Glendale Memorial Hospital in Armenia, the Armenian community of Glendale intends to boost ties with the motherland.
Human rights activists have expressed concern that Russian soldiers stationed in South Ossetia are living in ``horrendous'' conditions.
San Mateo County workers, including the courts and public health, agreed to a new nine-month contract Friday, just one day before the current agreement expires.
GE Oil & Gas has announced that it has entered into an agreement with Shenyang Turbo Machinery Corporation to acquire a minority interest.
Pink Floyd have launched a legal battle to stop their songs being sold individually on iTunes and other internet music sites.
Belarus police detained journalists covering a topless protest Monday outside the office of ex-Soviet state's KGB security service to mark President Alexander Lukashenko's disputed re-election a year ago.
JUST nine state board members have given up their entire annual fees in response to Public Expenditure Minister Brendan Howlin's voluntary scheme.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino says his no-holds-barred style won't change if he makes it into the governor's office.
League leaders South Woodford suffered a surprise defeat to Chelmsford after a disappointing batting display on Saturday.
A suicide bomber struck Shiite pilgrims Sunday on a highway south of Baghdad, killing at least 25 people and wounding 20, police said.
Isentress, Merck's integrase inhibitor, is now approved for children 2 years of age and older, according to a US Food and Drug Administration announcement.
The Sensex slipped in the red, led by losses in realty, power and metal sectors, on the back of subdued European cues.
Wolves have recalled striker Sam Vokes from his loan spell with Championship promotion-chasers Norwich.
A boil water alert has been partially lifted in Palm Bay after a water main ruptured Saturday at a construction site.
In a statement to the Tampa Bay Times, Florida Sen. Bill Nelson has pledged to support gay marriage.
Minister of Local Government and Regional Development, Kellawan Lall says the beautification of market structures across the country is ongoing.
Helio Castroneves, the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV ``Dancing With the Stars'' champion, was indicted Thursday on tax evasion and tax fraud charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in income from the Internal Revenue Service.
Spartanburg Community College has received a $300,000 grant for a program called Gateway to College.
The markets continued to trade weak in late-morning trades with the BSE Sensex at 16,134, down 238 points and the Nifty at 4,836, down 70 points.
``Future plans for Ras al-Zour call for the industrial city to be bigger than Jubail,'' Al-Dabbagh said.
Lamar avoided another large halftime deficit by opening to a 14-0 lead against Central Arkansas.
Canada's international travel deficit narrowed in the summer quarter, shrinking to less than $3 billion for the first time in a year.
Court records show actor Gary Busey has filed for bankruptcy and is listing more than $500 000 in estimated personal debts.
Actress ROBIN WRIGHT PENN has turned to ex-boyfriend JASON PATRIC as she struggles to cope with her split from husband SEAN PENN.
Hollywood star George Clooney testified before a Milan court as part of a trial of a fraud case involving three men accused of using the actor's name for a fashion label.
Everton manager David Moyes has hit back at claims he was forced to sell his top stars, saying: 'I make the decisions here'.
A 24-year-old Billings woman faces charges after someone tried to break into a pharmacy through the triple-paned, bulletproof drive-up window.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa yesterday placed the Sacred Relics of the Buddha in the Sanda Hiru Seya Stupa being constructed in Anuradhapura, dedicated to War Heroes who made the supreme sacrifice on behalf of the nation.
US stock futures pointed to a stronger open Thursday as markets absorbed news that Spain raised nearly $4.3 billion in a bond auction.
Korean tech giant Samsung's smaller Galaxy S4 Mini release date seems to have been delayed.
New Zealand kiwifruit packer EastPack plans to invest NZ$8.5m in new equipment this year to handle a planned growth in output by 14 per cent.
A total of 551 tons of narcotics were withdrawn in Iran within last 11 months, Iranian Counter Narcotics Department Chairman Hamidrza Huseynabadi said, the Iranian Mehr News Agency reported.
The Twilight Saga cast are back together as they make their way to the set of Breaking Dawn!
The host of The Bachelor, Chris Harrison, 38, shares the 25 things you don't know about him with UsMagazine.com.
A new law in Wisconsin will ban many teen drivers from talking on their cell phones while driving.
Prosecutors say a Virginia woman has pleaded guilty to government fraud which netted her and her husband more than $100,000.
Judgment in the marathon ``heist gang'' trial which began in Pongola four-and-a-half years ago got under way yesterday with the presiding judge getting through the first 10 pages of what is believed to be a typed document exceeding 1 000 pages.
Marriott ExecuStay®, a leader in temporary housing, now offers online reservations on ExecuStay.com with the new Book Online Now feature.
The US approved a new nuclear plant design on Dec 22, paving the way for the country's first new nuclear power facilities since 1996 to be built.
This 51 year old Kent woman was murdered according to Seattle Police Homicide Detectives.
Xenophon wants breast implant inquiry Updated: 16:46, Sunday February 5, 2012 Senator Nick Xenophon will move for a probe into how the Therapeutic Goods Association has handled the problem of substandard silicon breast implants.
The Independent has hired Mary Ann Sieghart, the former veteran Times executive and columnist, to write a weekly political column.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu has announced he is withdrawing from public life.
Interpol has issued a global alert against Libyan leader Muammer Gaddafi and 15 others, including members of his family and close associates, the global police organisation said on Friday.
Former All Black prop Clarke Dermody has re-signed with London Irish for a further two years, ending speculation he might be back in the maroon of Southland this year.
WOMEN can learn how a simple test can save their life at a lecture at Sheffield University Medical School tomorrow.
Police are searching for two men involved with a stabbing on East Market Street on Thursday evening.
The Canadian dollar opened at 97.41 cents US this morning, up 0.14 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
The Naples Daily News reported that Derek Lamely has a small cartilage tear in his wrist.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Wednesday evening criticized the US economic sanctions imposed on Iran and said US should change its approach regarding the Islamic Republic.
Dubai Municipality has deployed a Nortel data center for supporting e-government services in the municipality.
Bellevue-based Motricity completed its IPO last night, raising $50M in an IPO on the NASDAQ Global Market.
Nearly 400 athletes participated in a Special Olympics basketball tournament Saturday on the USM campus in Gorham.
Taiwan share prices closed 0.5 percent lower in quiet trade Wednesday as investors took cues from Wall Street's weak close amid fears of a collapse of General Motors, dealers said.
A Winter Storm Warning remains in effect for Cowley and surrounding counties until 6 pm tonight, according to the National Weather Service in Wichita.
Commodity prices fell across the board on Friday as concerns about global demand overshadowed the possibility that Greece could avoid a default on its debt.
Defence solutions provider MKU today said it has bagged an order worth $35 million for armouring 186 high-speed boats procured for coastal security forces.
No Thank you Catherine Ceips, you just lost any slim chance of getting my vote.
The Minister of State for IT and Telecommunication Sachin Pilot on Monday said that the country will soon have a new telecom policy in place.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry will campaign for Mitt Romney at the Iowa State Fair this weekend.
LASPAU, a non-profit organization affiliated with Harvard University, has launched a new site at http://www.laspau.harvard.edu which features scholarship and educational opportunities for individuals from Latin America and the Caribbean.
Actor Matt Damon is all set to make his directorial debut in a yet-untitled drama, which will also star him.
David Beckham employs armed guards to protect his family, it has been revealed.
Recent data has confirmed that fewer Japanese students are choosing to study abroad, with significantly less studying in the United States in particular.
Identical twins Jennifer and Jessica Patterson have given birth on the same day at the same hospital in Indiana.
A Fort Recovery, Ohio, teacher has been charged with sexual battery, the Mercer County sheriff said today.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, has this evening played down the threat of inflation in the UK suggesting that inflation is just as likely to under shoot its target as to overshoot.
Actress and model, Jaime Pressly was charged with two counts of drunken driving Tuesday following her arrest in Santa Monica, California early this year.
A MAN accused of attacking former Mansfield Town FC owner Keith Haslam appeared in court on Wednesday morning.
Senator McCain accepted the Republican presidential nomination on the final night of the Republican National Convention.
The world largest video sharing service, YouTube is testing a new live streaming platform.
An Australian fugitive won a small part as a policeman in a murder mystery film after he auditioned while on the run for allegedly decapitating a man.
The Citizens Against Government Waste released their annual ``Pig Book'' Wednesday, which details the government's most egregious uses of pork barrel spending.
Artomatic 419!, featuring the work of 200 seasoned and emerging artists and continuous musical and spoken-word entertainment, opens Saturday and continues on April 25 and May 2.
Corona city officials today cut more than 100 staff positions and sliced $10.5 million from the budget, moves they expect will avert a major shortfall.
With a new twist in survival programming, Discovery Channel brings a new series ONE CAR TOO FAR.
Those octuplets born yesterday in Bellflower are reportedly doing well.
WILLISTON, ND A rural Williston church that was destroyed by fire in February 2007 has risen from the ashes.
A man accused of killing his neighbor's dog back in February pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of disorderly conduct on Monday.
President Obama is warning health insurance companies against big rate hikes as a sweeping new reform law starts to take hold.
Actavis pharmaceutical company will open a platform for disabled people at the Uspenie Bogorodichno Cathedral /Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral/ in the coastal city of Varna.
Apple has announced that it will be posting videos of all the WWDC sessions during the conference.
In a bid to gain access to a promising new treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD, pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca announced today it is acquiring privately held Pearl Therapeutics in a deal that could have a total valuation of $1.15 billion when all is said and done.
Jil Sander have opted out of Milan Fashion Week and will hold two independent shows instead.
President Barack Obama on Saturday urged his fellow Americans to get tested for HIV in an effort to reduce transmission of the virus that causes Aids.
People who believe in fate and destiny tend to dump superstition when faced with the death, says a recent study.
MANILA, Philippines Manny Pacquiao returned to the Philippines on Saturday to help flood victims in his home province, a week after his loss to Timothy Bradley.
European wheat futures continued to rise on Thursday following a jump to a one-week high the previous day in Chicago on US and European weather concerns, and supported by a weak euro against the dollar, traders said.
The Montreal Canadiens signed former Harvard center Louis Leblanc to a three-year contract Friday.
Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled 'IT Operations Director' which it says is a an integrated IT lifecycle management solution that offers security management, asset management and software distribution.
Fidessa group, a supplier of multi-asset trading, portfolio analysis, decision support, investment compliance, market data and global connectivity solutions for the buy-side and sell-side, has launched its intelligent liquidity access strategy in Europe.
Internet safety experts say our courts are finally recognising that the impact of online crime is as serious as that committed elsewhere.
Lance Armstrong ( Images ) is confident the ongoing federal investigation into alleged doping will go his way, the seven-times Tour de France ( Images ) champion said on Thursday.
Buster Posey is, according to Bruce Bochy, ``good to go,'' and is set to see more work soon.
Former president Bill Clinton left hospital Friday saying surgery to open a blocked artery had been ``miraculous'' and that he would return to his fundraising work for Haiti.
He hosted a Congress at Your Corner event, where he got a chance to sit and chat one on one with the people of his district.
Gov. Jim Doyle has called a special session of the Legislature for tomorrow to take up the hospital assessment.
On Monday, January 16, at 12.00, the press center of the Interfax-Ukraine news agency will host a press conference entitled ``The Real Estate Market - The Results of 2011.
WREXHAM'S Glyndwr University will be governed by Bangor and Aberystwyth universities in the future, Wales education minister Leighton Andrews revealed today.
JACKSONVILLE, Florida - Tiger Woods says he's taking an indefinite leave from golf to work on saving his marriage, using the word ``infidelity'' for the first time in a statement posted on his Web site on Friday.
(JAKARTA) Indonesia and Liberia's coral reef fisheries are most vulnerable to collapse, says a study that has ranked the vulnerability of coastal nations based on indicators for their coral reef management, fisheries and food security.
A Las Cruces couple was arrested Thursday on charges of illegal sexual contact and child abuse stemming from incidents involving their two young children.
Bath golden girl Amy Williams is looking forward to the next chapter of her life after retiring from skeleton because of injury.
TO better serve its expanding and global web-based clientele, TractorExport.com has launched its new and enhanced web site with SEO Samba.
However, the ABC report, similar to most media and educational presentations about dating violence, primarily or exclusively proffer girls as docile and passive victims and boys as assertive and aggressive offenders.
Malaysian society should change their bad perception of foreign students as they too contribute to the country's economy.
A man has lost his arm in a freak accident when it became entangled while he was swinging on a rope over a western Victorian river.
Cheryl Cole has announced her very first solo arena tour, confirming she'll play nine tour dates across the UK as part of the A Million Lights event, starting off in Belfast this October.
Vijay Singh will return to Malaysia after a seven-year absence to appear in the Iskandar Johor Open which tees off in October, organisers said on Thursday.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said here Thursday that ``we must realistically assess the situation and put in place more effective projections'' for the UN staff in Afghanistan, following a Wednesday attack killed at least five UN staff members in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
In preparation for his 30-date UK arena tour this autumn, Michael McIntyre will perform at the Villa Marina on Tuesday 11th August.
Robot flies causing a buzz Updated: 15:28, Thursday May 2, 2013 If you're ever thinking shoo fly, don't bother me, take a closer look because the insect may not be what it seems.
One of the best ways you can invest your money, in a safe manner, is to get a high yield savings account.
BNP lawmakers on Saturday morning form a human chain at the Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban premises.
The Yankees announced today that they signed Dante Bichette Jr., their Supplemental Round draft pick.
Chemicals giant DuPont unveiled plans to streamline its organization Thursday morning by consolidating its wide-ranging 23 businesses and eliminating five group vice president positions.
The International Monetary Fund says it strongly endorses a plan by rich countries to fight the global credit crisis.
David Nalbandian will miss the French Open after an illness hampered his recovery from a hernia operation and a muscle injury.
He is expected to be extradited to the US within days, where he faces charges that he was responsible for ``the greatest military hack in history''.
FARMERS who are missing out on funding have been urged to contact a Northumberland MP.
Cathay General Bancorp, the holding company for Cathay Bank, is scheduled to announce its third quarter 2010 financial results after the markets close on Tuesday, October 26, 2010.
Ranbir Kapoor, who lives with his parents Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Kapoor, says that he wants to stay in a live-in relationship.
View full size Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson will speak on ``10 things you should know about the Universe'' and sign books at Colgate University on Monday, Feb. 25th at 7 pm The Associated Press
The Obama administration is increasing agency accountability for improving programs at all levels of government.
No, it isn't a concert or even the big game - it's to watch civil unions become legal in Illinois.
``I've been there and I've done it all. I did the drugs, I've been with men, I've been with women. All of it,'' she said July 13 on the Atlanta-based V103′s ``Frank & Wanda in the Morning'' radio program.
Malaysia has launched a fleet of women-only taxis, an initiative that follows pink-colored train coaches and buses aimed at shielding women from harassment, reports said Sunday.
Air Arabia has doubled flights to the Turkish city of Istanbul following increased demand for low-cost services to the city.
In his first season with the Browns, Pat Shurmur will serve as head coach and offensive coordinator.
Bollywood star Salman Khan on Monday got a relief in the 1998 chinkara poaching case as the Jodhpur bench of the Rajasthan High Court allowed him to leave the country without informing it in advance.
A lawsuit challenging the initiative wants the ballot language rewritten to emphasize the potential influence of money on the judicial selection process.
President Barack Obama enjoys a favorable rating from 60 percent of likely voters, as well as modest expectations for how quickly the economy will improve under his administration, a new Zogby Interactive poll shows.
The Green Party candidate for governor says Illinois should legalize and tax marijuana, but his opponents disagree.
Lake County officials say human remains were found in Big Arm last week and have been taken to the state crime lab in Missoula for identification and to determine the cause of death.
North Korea presents a serious security threat and US forces in South Korea are ready to respond quickly and decisively to counter any attack, the US Defense Secretary and military leaders said on Tuesday.
JAVIER MASCHERANO could stay at Liverpool after Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti insisted the club must sell before they can buy.
Skyhook Wireless, provider of the Wi-Fi Positioning System and XPS 2.0, the hybrid positioning system, has announced its formal launch in Europe.
Padraig Harrington was voted PGA Tour player of the year by his peers Tuesday, becoming the first European player to win the award since it began in 1990.
Super middleweight champion Andre Ward says he would consider a rematch with Britain's world champion Carl Froch.
Florida A&M has fired Robert Lucas as head baseball coach, following the worst finish in the history of the program that left the Rattlers out of this week's MEAC tournament.
Mobile operator Vodafone Romania has added five new channels to its AdPlus mobile advertising services.
Dr. Fehmida Mirza, Speaker National Assembly has said that the economic crisis in the country can be resolved through collective efforts by health expert's community leaders, politicians and religious leaders with the special cooperation of masses.She said this in her message on the world population day being commemorated under the auspices of United Nations throughout the globe on July 11, says a press release.
NDP Group researchers have pulled out their geeky pocket calculators and Vegas style visors to work out that Mac sales have dropped 6 percent in January.
Ed Hardy womens hoodies and bikinis are very popular among women of all ages, and are regularly seen in fashion magazines, on runways, and worn by fashion mavens everywhere.
The B season is almost upon us and it's the most exciting time, every state and territory Australia wide is ready, only weeks out from competitions which are all geared towards athletes of all ages and categories qualifying for the Ultimate competition the Australian Natural Physique Championships.
The state Department of Motor Vehicles has announced it has begun a review of training and licensing of young drivers in an effort to make tests tougher and more comprehensive.
The court appearance of Michael Adebolajo, charged with the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby on May 22, has been delayed.
Newly single Jennifer Aniston has burrowed herself in her business, which currently is the filming of her new romantic comedy 'The Baster' in New York.
Legendary musician Paul McCartney will appear as a guest on ``The Colbert Report'' tonight.
Teachers and school staff protested about Novopay outside New Plymouth MP Jonathan Young's office this morning.
Toys ``R'' Us on Thursday sold $450 million of senior notes to raise money that will be used to pay down some of its long-term debt that comes due next year.
The European Union may impose a travel ban on 158 Belarusian government officials and other individuals on January 31 over the rigged presidential election and the post-election crackdown on the opponents of the Belarusian government, the Brussels-based online newspaper EUobserver said on January 28.
We're sorry to hear that tennis legend Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with a form of non-invasive breast cancer, called DCIS.
Sir Paul McCartney closed the Isle of Wight festival last night with a career spanning headline slot.
A FORMER Sheffield primary school teacher who taught hundreds of city youngsters to read and write has celebrated her 106th birthday.
A senior Iranian legislator on Sunday urged world powers to recognize Iran's nuclear capabilities and said that Tehran would not make any concessions on its nuclear program, AFP reported.
09:30:00 Juventus midfielder Felipe Melo has joined Galatasaray on a one year long loan deal, with an option for the Turkish side to purchase him outright at the end of the season.
Swiss chipmaker STMicroelectronics NV reported a wider first-quarter loss Wednesday as sales sank across the board, and said it would lay off 1,200 people.
Home '' Pittsburgh Pirates '' What's The Solution?
While Hayden Panettiere is eager to move into an apartment with her boyfriend of just a few months, Milo Ventimiglia is calling himself single.
After review of the program's full development strategy, GSK will focus development efforts on the subcutaneous delivery of ofatumumab in autoimmune indications and will stop further development work on the intravenous route of administration in autoimmune disease.
Savings.com, the leading online source for coupons, deals and expert shopping tips, today announced that it has achieved a major milestone -- it has posted 1,000,000 deals to the site since being founded almost five years ago.
Dana Holding Corporation formally broke ground Sunday for a $20 million technical center in Pune, India.
Australian conglomerate Wesfarmers, faced with turmoil in global debt markets, will sell 2.6 billion Australian dollars, or $2.4 billion, in new shares to help refinance its 18 billion Australian dollar acquisition of supermarket operator Coles.
The European Union on Thursday welcomed abolition of death penalty in the US State of Connecticut, and expressed the hope that other US states where capital punishment is still in vogue will follow suit.
CARDIFF CITY chairman Peter Ridsdale hopes to tie up a major Far East cash investment for the Bluebirds.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered OAO Gazprom to reduce gas supplies to Belarus, which carries about 20 percent of Europe-bound exports of the fuel, this morning after talks over a gas debt failed, said a Kremlin official, who declined to be identified.
Arms dealer Viktor Bout, dubbed the ``merchant of death'', has been sentenced to 25 years in jail by a US judge, BBC reported.
Bosnian-born defender Neven Subotic has chosen to play soccer for Serbia instead of the United States.
Pittsburgh Penguins star Evgeni Malkin has passed concussion related tests, and will play tonight against the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Regional leaders say Zimbabwean negotiators have the basis for a power-sharing agreement.
The Backstreet Boys were forced to cancel several promotional appearances after member Brian Littrell was diagnosed with swine flu.
Three JD leaders were expelled on Friday from the party for anti-party activities by party president Sharad Yadav.
A London man has been charged with murder after he reportedly stabbed his girlfriend multiple times late Monday, according to London Police Chief Stewart Walker.
Ecommerce firm Myntra.com has acquired SherSingh.com, a private label online brand specialising in sports-inspired lifestyle apparel.
THE PENTAGON HAS cleared retired General Stanley McChrystal of wrongdoing after Rolling Stone magazine said that he and his staff had spoken disrespectfully about top US officials.
​On his boyculture blog, Matthew Rettenmund helps narrow down just who it might be who's supposedly coming out on the cover of People on May 5.
Model-turned-actress Esha Gupta has showcased her bold and daring side in ``Jannat 2'' and ``Raaz 3'', but she says she doesn't care about being typecast in the Hindi film industry.
Hong Kong has signed comprehensive double tax agreements with eight countries since March.
Houston, TX - Houston Texans defensive end JJ Watt suffered an elbow injury during practice on Thursday.
India on Monday said it was free to make a nuclear bomb should it feel it necessary to do so keeping in view the regional geo-political situation and the country's defence requirements.
Lindsay Lohan and Dina Lohan allegedly got into a fight early this morning.
Paul Haeberlin, a famous French chef who transformed his family's modest restaurant into a world-class affair that won Michelin stars, died yesterday.
Six central banks, including the Bank of England, have cut their interest rates by half a percentage point in an effort to steady the faltering global economy.
Two men from East London have been jailed and fined £7,000 for poisoning wildlife at a park.
Fiat is close to reaching an agreement that would allow Chrysler to build Jeeps in China at a plant owned by Guangzhou Automobile Group.
Al Jazeera journalists were assaulted and briefly detained in Zimbabwean while covering a cabinet meeting after Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's boycott, Reporters Without Borders said on Thursday.
ArcelorMittal today announces the retirement of Mr Malay Mukherjee, Member of the Group Management Board with responsibility for Asia, Africa, CIS, Mining, Stainless and Pipes & Tubes.
The Buffalo Sabres have picked up the one-year option on head coach Lindy Ruff's contract, which means he will be back for a 13th season.
Yahoo has launched a new location-based service known as Fire Eagle, raising quite a few privacy questions.
Word has it that Paula Abdul will be returning to American Idol as a guest for the finale episode later this week.
Some of the worlds biggest mobile phone manufacturers have agreed to adopt a new universal standard of phone charger in an effort to be more environmentally friendly.
``Both Modi and Kumar are like cousin brothers in relation to communal matters,'' Lalu Prasad said.
Levi Johnston has said that he ``cherishes'' the time he gets to spend with his young son.
The Lions placed Williams on injured reserve Tuesday after missing four of the last five games because of the injury.
Actors Topher Grace and Demetri Martin stopped by FOX 2 on Wednesday to talk about their new movie, Take Me Home Tonight .
On July 25, at 11.30am the press centre of Ukrainian News agency is hosting a press conference about whether Ukraine will manage to shake prices of Russian gas without solid rebates from its side.
The voice of the people will not be heard, and those who have the most money will have the power to influence our representatives in Congress to do their bidding.
Miramar police Tuesday identified a 22-year-old home invasion robbery suspect who was fatally shot over the weekend.
Forecasters say Hurricane Bertha has weakened to a Category 1 storm.As of 5 pm EDT Tuesday, the center of the storm was about 620 miles east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands and about 900 miles southeast of Bermuda.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is set to announce Japan will join talks on a Pacific trade pact that would oblige the country to undertake major reforms, especially in farming.
Google has bought a mobile appointment and planning company called Plannr with the potential aim of integrating the service into its upcoming Google Me social networking effort, according to sources close to TechCrunch.
A Seymour driver was found dead in his tipped-over grain truck Tuesday, authorities said.
Foreign companies and NGOs defalcate financial aid from abroad, Afghan Parliamentary Commission on Justice, Governance of Reforms and Combating Corruption Deputy Chairman Mollavi Gul Ahmed said today.
After enduring crash threat during the landing of Airbus 330-300 in Gabon with Turkish President Abdullah Gul aboard, a crash threat appeared in PM Erdogan's ``Ana'' plane on Sunday, Vatan reported.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed left-hander Ted Lilly on the 15-day disabled list Friday with a strain in his right rib cage and activated starter Clayton Kershaw from the bereavement list to start the opener of a weekend series against the San Francisco Giants.
RIFA, Bahrain -Kuwait knocked Saudi Arabia out of the Gulf Cup by beating coach Frank Rijkaard's side 1-0 on Saturday to secure a place in the semifinals.
The Jacksonville division of Lennar, one of the nation's leading homebuilders, was recently rated number one builder in Jacksonville for customer satisfaction by one of the leading customer research firms.
Miami Dolphins running back Reggie Bush will miss his team's regular-season finale against the New York Jets due to a knee injury.
Tween star sensation Selena Gomez is not far behind with the number of BFF's she had during the last few years.Setting on to become a good BFF this year, she just recently got a new boy BFF and it none other the hearthrob 'JOE JONAS'.
Transformers star Megan Fox and actor Brian Austin Green are reportedly seeking professional help to save their romance.
The global platform based truck production is expected to reach 612,000 units by 2018, nearly doubling the levels of production recorded in 2011, according to a new report.
Leona Lewis is said to be dating One Direction singer Liam Payne, with sources claiming their relationship is ``blossoming.''
Local Green Party of Quebec provincial election candidates made an attempt at getting the youth vote out by renting a high school bus and putting it at the disposal of CEGEP Gérald Godin students to drive them to advance polling stations earlier today, but nobody wound up getting on board.
TSN and the CFL have today announced that TSN Radio will be the national radio broadcaster of the historic and highly-anticipated 100th GREY CUP on November 25.
Bapco will complete its refinery modernisation master plan by 2018, its chief executive-designate Gordon Smith said.
German stocks were little changed as better-than-estimated earnings from European consumer companies offset Dell Inc.'s negative earnings outlook for the region.
BJP on Monday indicated that it is likely to support the reservation in promotion for SC/ST bill with some amendments, saying it favours all measures for social justice provided they are within constitutional parameters.
Despite the cloud of rumours, Id was celebrated with fervour across the city on Monday.
POLICE say 14 inmates have escaped from a jail in the southern Philippines, including several 'high-risk' prisoners.
Lakers forward Pau Gasol signed his three-year contract extension, a deal that could be worth up to $64.7 million, depending on the NBA salary-cap figures to be determined in 2011.
French telecommunications service provider Orange teams with French bank BNP Paribas to launch the Cart Jump co-branded prepaid Visa card.
Former Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen confirmed he won't do any drills at the NFL combine next week in Indianapolis because he's recovering from surgery to repair tendon damage in his right toe.
TWO men have been jailed for a ``cowardly'' attack on a vulnerable man in his own home.
France entered a recession in the first quarter this year with gross domestic product contracting 0.2 percent, after shrinking the same amount in the last quarter of 2012.
Rutgers tight end and NFL hopeful DC Jefferson was injured while bench pressing at the NFL Scouting Combine on Friday.
Seafarer recently released their latest single ``Cave'' and will make the track available on a 7`` later this year.
Kindergarten registration is now open for children who live in the Jasper County School District attendance zone.
CELTIC manager Neil Lennon has admitted an interest in signing South Korea international Kim Bo-Kyung.
And they're discusing, who are the Libyan rebels exactly?
A policewoman broke her jaw when she was allegedly kicked in the face while trying to defuse a domestic incident in Taupo on Saturday.
Tasty Baking Company today announced that its Board of Directors on February 3, 2010, declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on all outstanding shares of common stock.
Fairfax Media Ltd. said Thursday it has appointed Australian hamburger king Jack Cowin, an ally of the company's biggest shareholder Gina Rinehart, to the board.
An Eau Claire woman is accused of embezzling her elderly father's money to pay her personal expenses including legal fees, car repairs and spending money.
A fire sparked a drug investigation in Troy and several lives were at risk.
Chargers cornerback Antoine Cason had surgery on his fractured right index finger on Monday, leaving him in ``good position to be ready for the season,'' coach Norv Turner said.
The moon will look bigger, may be 16 percent larger, on March 19 when the full moon will be closest to the earth in the last 18 years, offering a special treat for the skygazers.
Steelman is set to announce, Saturday, that she is running for Governor.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina asserted that democracy would persist in Bangladesh and none would go against the people's expectation of keeping the country on democratic track.
A new study has found more evidence that breastfeeding is good for the baby's brain.
MARSEILLE, France -French league side Marseille announced Wednesday that it has appointed Elie Baup as manager on a two-year contract.
The European Central Bank on Thursday left its key lending rate unchanged at 0.75%, as expected.
Low total cholesterol can be a sign of cancer, but not a cause, new research has found, shedding new light on the role of cholesterol in cancer.
Brisbane is facing a homelessness crisis, the premier warns, amid fears bodies could be lying undiscovered in flood-hit parts of the city.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asked the world powers on Thursday to be 'polite' in dealing with Tehran, a day after diplomats from six countries met to discuss the nuclear standoff.
The best time to end and eBay auction is a popular question among eBay sellers.
A pregnant mother and her two-year-old daughter had a lucky escape as the alert mother got out of her car with her child just in time before the car caught fire along Beribi road last evening, no injuries were reported.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are currently at an all-time low.
The Minister for Education, Filipe Bole says declining examination results recorded at the Holy Family Secondary School in Labasa in the past few years is of grave concern to him.
A former TriMet bus driver who was accused of harassing agency and union leaders from abroad has been extradited to Oregon.
A severe weather warning has been issued for later today with forecasters saying stormy conditions are likely to lead to some structural damage and will be accompanied by high seas on Atlantic coasts.
Over 500 tonnes of manganese and iron ore have been seized from Orissa's mineral-rich Keonjhar district in a continuing crackdown on illegal mining, an official said Saturday.
Twin suicide car bomb blasts ripped through an upscale Damascus district today, targeting heavily guarded intelligence buildings and killing at least 40 people, Syrian authorities said.
The Kane County Cougars have reached the halfway mark of the season, and while their 28-41 record isn't stunning, there are plenty of individual accomplishments and a lot to follow if you're a baseball fan.
On the eve of Barack Obama's inauguration, a Port Charlotte church asks, what would Dr. King think if he came back today?
The UK is set to have the world's largest renewable energy plant using advanced gasification energy-from-waste technology.
Mumbai, May 30 Actress Vidya Balan today said she was to do a film with the acclaimed director Rituparno Ghosh who died in Kolkata.
Pretty Please, an upscale children's boutique, is now open in Grand Boulevard at Sandestin.
The Senate has voted to spare plaintiffs' lawyers in medical malpractice cases from a cut in fees.
HMRC is increasingly cracking down on inheritance tax and actively targeting estates and beneficiaries, experts have warned.
A company has failed in its attempt to sue a blogger for copyright infringement for his use of a snippet of a newspaper article.
Australian entertainer Rolf Harris has had his bail extended by British police in relation to his arrest on suspicion of sexual offences.
Sounds of South, the nationally honored advanced choir at Bloomington High School South, has selected 24 new singers for the 2009-2010 school year.
Hundreds of thousands of people on Sunday fled New Orleans and surrounding coastal areas as Hurricane Gustav churned towards Louisiana's Gulf Coast, threatening residents with a new round of devastation only three years after Hurricane Katrina laid waste to this historic city.
A reporter took on a tough fiscal challenge when she tried to live on just £1 a day for a week.
The city's month-long school bus drivers strike may end as soon as tonight.
Bafana Bafana defender Nasief Morris has revealed he will join La Liga side Racing Santander on a season-long loan.
The ONE Group, the New York-based hospitality company, known for its high-energy dining venues, announces a partnership deal with the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas to open a sports-themed restaurant and lounge called ``Heraea''.
Singer Justin Bieber has gifted his pet hamster to a fan that he adopted a few months ago.
Iran has supplied a sophisticated radar system to Syria that can monitor Israeli air force sorties and threaten its ability to attack Iranian nuclear targets by surprise, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday.
Landlords could avoid up to £600 of tax by taking advantage of 'green' tax breaks when upgrading their properties, according to the National Landlords Association.
After long hiatus of eight years, Philips has re-entered the Indian mobile market with the launch of six dual-SIM handsets in 'Xenium' series.
German consumers spent less on wine in 2010 than in the previous year.
Horses running loose on state Route 49 in Mercer County near the Ohio-Indiana state line early Sunday caused two car accidents, one fatal.
Over 18, 000 people die from heart diseases per year in Kyrgyzstan and around 50 ñ daily.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Friday that closer ties with Europe were unavoidable, a day after his proposal for a free trade zone ``from Lisbon to Vladivostok'' met with a cool German response.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Wednesday said there was no need to worry as political system in the country was stable in the presence of parliament, constitution, an independent judiciary, free media and a vibrant civil society.
A new TWA documentary that is coming out claims that TWA Flight 800 actually crashed from a missile.
US stocks posted modest losses after the open on Wednesday, a day after closing at the highest level in 28 months, as a string of downbeat corporate earnings results overshadowed better-than-expected US employment data.
Mumbai, June 11 Rupee today edged up against dollar here in the morning trade due to mild selling of the US currency by banks and firming equity markets.
Ryuichi Kiyonari closed the gap on title-race leader Tommy Hill with victory in the opening race MCE Insurance British Superbike Championship at Oulton Park.
Ennis & Ennis PA announces the launch of a new website to assists users of Hydroxycut products due to the voluntary recall by the manufacturer, Lovate Health Sciences, Inc. This new Hydroxycut recall website will give consumers up-to-date news and legal developments related to the recall.
Kuwait will be looking to leapfrog idle Australia atop Group B when they travel to face Indonesia in Asian Cup qualifying on Wednesday.
'Christina's World' mastermind, realist painter Andrew Wyeth has died, leaving behind his masterpieces of the 20th century.
Jahangir, who won 10 British Open titles and 6 world titles, received his honourary citizenship from the Mayor of Houston at a ceremony that was also attended by officials of the Pakistan embassy.
AP photo In this undated photo provided by NOAA, workers dismantle a 65-foot-long dock from the 2011 Japanese tsunami.
The Crystal Cathedral was renamed Christ Cathedral and Father Christopher H. Smith was named as Episcopal Vicar at the Church.
Some Wahpeton high school students face disorderly conduct charges after a senior prank.
President Barack Obama says he welcomes Myanmar's decision to release democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi, calling her a ``hero of mine.''
China said Tuesday it would not send any troops to Afghanistan -- rejecting recent speculation that Beijing might support the international coalition there.
A Honolulu woman is in custody after fleeing police and crashing into a car stopped at a red light.
Texas regulators should triple peak wholesale power prices to avert blackouts later this decade when electricity demand is predicted to outstrip supply, according to a report today by Brattle Group Inc. The study, commissioned by the operator of Texas' main power grid, recommends that the state with the highest power- consumption adjust its free-market framework to encourage electricity producers to invest in new generation needed to keep pace with economic growth.
President Obama left the door open to a new tax on health care benefits Wednesday, and officials said top lawmakers and the White House were seeking $150 billion in concessions from the nation's hospitals as they sought support for legislation struggling to emerge in Congress.
A Painted Post woman was hit and killed by a car Saturday night in Campbell.
Viscount Monckton of Brenchley, the outspoken UK politician, public speaker and climate change science expert has challenged Al Gore to a public debate on global warming while he is in Gibraltar.
Malaysia is seeking to leverage the $ 5.52 billion UAE food services market by highlighting their top-quality Halal food products to local quick service restaurants, said a Press release on Tuesday.
Recyclebank®, the company that rewards people for taking everyday green actions with discounts and deals from local and national businesses, today announced the acquisition of GreenYour, the go-to guide for green living.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Monday gave a speech in the People's Balcony of Miraflores Palace in Caracas, after he returned from Cuba, where he got a surgery to remover a cancer tumor.
In the first week of November we saw 30 year fixed rates at 4.0% but we are currently seeing Bank of America refinance mortgage rates for the 30 year fixed as high as 4.5% on December 2, 2010.
An inquest has heard how a County Durham soldier died in a drunken shooting incident while he was with three comrades in Iraq, one of them told mourners at his wake.
Police are looking for a man suspected in two armed pharmacy robberies in south Everett.
Sri Lanka overcame a shaky start to their small run chase before beating Australia by four wickets with a full 30 overs to spare on Friday, taking a 2-1 lead in the one-day series thanks chiefly to Nuwan Kulasekara's five-wicket haul.
Youth organisations have been encouraged by the Home Office to apply for government funding for sports projects after a new report identified such schemes as effective tools preventing youngsters from getting involved with gang related crimes.
Tyler Perry is facing a copyright infringement lawsuit from a disgruntled songwriter after allegedly using a gospel track on his hit TV show Meet the Browns without permission.
The returning flow at Pasar Senen Station, Central Jakarta, is still quiet from homecoming travelers.
A SOUTHEAST Queensland roofing scam that left several elderly people thousands of dollars out of pocket has spread to Bundaberg.
If sources are to be believed then, Stones legend Mick Jagger has set up a new supergroup with Indian musician AR Rahman, Eurythmics star Dave Stewart, Damian Marley, and Joss Stone.
Manheim Township police charged three Lititz men with seven thefts from vehicles, police said on Thursday.
Muammar Gaddafi is ready for a truce to stop the fighting in his country, visiting South African President Jacob Zuma said on Monday after meeting the Libyan ruler, but he listed familiar Gaddafi conditions that have scuttled previous ceasefire efforts.
On the Dr. Oz Show he'll discuss keeping your sex life going in your 30's and beyond...
Zambia has appointed a new deputy governor at the central bank but has yet to name a new governor, the bank's spokesman said on Wednesday.
Rather than politics, the colors on this map - red, blue, and yellow - represent what Americans call their soft drinks.
A new £1.2million centre for young autism sufferers opened yesterday in Inverness, offering services including specialist training for their parents.
Kuwait telecoms firm Zain is in talks with three international telecommunications firms to sell its African operations, Kuwaiyt's Al-Rai newspaper reported citing Zain's CEO.
New visa waiver for South Koreans hopes to boost US economy and improve relations between the two nations, but may increase numbers of undocumented Koreans in America.
Midwest gas prices could begin falling as early as this weekend now that a Chicago-area oil pipeline is back in business.
About 350 Kenosha public school teachers will get layoff notices because of the district's budget problems, but officials don't expect all of them will lose their jobs.
Lindsay Lohan is dropping her famous last name, the actress' mom Dina Lohan confirmed to PopEater.
A private schools group has won a legal challenge over the Charity Commission's guidance on what schools must do to justify their charitable status.
Union Minister of Science and Technology and Earth Sciences Kapil Sibal on Saturday said that modern biology holds the key to many challenges to prevent and cure diseases, arrest and contain environmental pollution, boost agricultural production, fight climate change, enhance industrial productivity.
TDFCU has selected Trusteer Rapport to meet the new FFIEC security guidelines for online banking security and protect its members from malware aimed at stealing funds and personal information.
CBS has confirmed that they will bring back the crime drama ``NCIS'' for a ninth season next year.
Stone-throwing Haitian protesters demanding the annulment of elections held a week ago clashed on Sunday with riot police next to the damaged presidential palace in the capital, witnesses said.
Skechers USA has signed American Idol winner David Cook to endorse the brand globally, hoping the new idol will super-charge the athletic shoe company's cool, hip brand image.
Dell has redesigned Vostro laptop line for small businesses, introducing worldwide availability of the new 13.1-inch Vostro 1310 starting at Rs. 40,900 and the 15.4-inch Vostro 1510 starting at Rs. 37,900.
Kern County Sheriff's deputies have responded to a possible drive-by shooting at an apartment complex at 5501 Norris Road.
A teenager was yesterday sentenced to 75 hours' community work for behaving in a disorderly manner at a party in the town this month.
Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences announced today it has received a $450,000 grant from King Saud University in Saudi Arabia to assist KSU's College of Pharmacy in developing clinical practice faculty, implementing a Doctor of Pharmacy curriculum, creating post-graduate residency and fellowship programs and conducting research.
A five-year-old boy is recovering in hospital after a dog attack near Kilmore yesterday afternoon.
Due to safety concerns regarding the deteriorating brickwork, falling debris, and questionable structural integrity, the Coast Guard has ordered that the Fort Gratiot Lighthouse be closed to all visitors until a full structural assessment and repairs are completed.
Scientists have confirmed that metabolic syndrome, a constellation of conditions that increases the risk of heart disease and diabetes, may also increase the risk of the two most common types of liver cancer, according to data presented at the AACR 102nd Annual Meeting 2011, held here April 2-6.
Arizona is currently experiencing a major shift in demographics, which is especially tied to Latino education.
Bill White is scheduled to speak Thursday at the Marshall Convention Center, 2501 Southeast End Blvd.
The Senate reached a deal on saving the dwindling ``cash for clunkers'' program late Wednesday, agreeing to vote on a plan that would add $2 billion to the popular rebate program and give car shoppers until Labor Day to trade in their gas-guzzlers for a new ride.
Gold futures edged lower Wednesday as the dollar strengthened, curbing the metal's investment appeal.
Louisville guard Kevin Ware was released from an Indianapolis hospital Tuesday and is headed back to campus, two days after breaking his right leg during the Cardinals' Final Four-clinching victory.
Buzz is that Mankatha is a remake of the Hindi movie Jannat.
Households share billions in tax compo Updated: 15:03, Thursday June 28, 2012 Households will receive more than half of the $7.7 billion the federal government expects to raise from its carbon tax in 2012/13 as compensation for cost-of-living increases.
At a press conference in Tokyo last week, Toyota unveiled a quartet of healthcare robots that will help paralyzed patients with walking, balance and transportation.
Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister Mingkwan Saengsuwan on Tuesday revealed the government is ready to support the gems and jewelry business, and that a forecast of exports of the products would exceed Bt220 billion this year.
Information Minister Walid Daouk vowed Tuesday to restore the rights of journalists, hoping in return that they would properly perform their duties toward society.
Michigan wants to make its outdoor recreation more accessible to people with disabilities.
Authorities have scaled back the search for a kayaker believed missing on the St. Joseph River north of South Bend after sonar equipment failed to find him.
Although China's economic growth is slowing many commentators believe the big Asian economies can decouple from the US economy.
Actor Charlie Sheen will plead guilty to a misdemeanor offense and reportedly serve 30 days in jail, according to a source close to the negotiations in the star's ongoing domestic violence case, the New York Post reported Tuesday.
Search giant Google Inc has embarked on a hiring spree in China, despite its recent problems with the government that saw many top engineers and executives leaving the company.
Strong new car sales figures have continued, with registrations in May the highest for the month since 1990.
An Aiken County woman was bitten by an apparent rattlesnake Saturday morning and was recovering at Aiken Regional Medical Centers on Sunday.
Brandon Inge will begin a rehabilitation assignment Monday with the Toledo Mud Hens.
Norwegians began voting Monday in a general election that polls have shown Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg's coalition neck-and-neck with a splintered centre-right opposition.
Numerous Las Vegas hotels and casinos received bomb threat phone calls over the last several days.
Twenty-five Chinese workers kidnapped in Egypt were freed today, a day after they were taken hostage by Bedouin tribesmen, the state-run Xinhua news agency said.
Emirates, the Dubai-based international carrier and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of an interline agreement that offers travellers seamless connections to cities across the United States via New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Volunteer lifeboat crew took to Dublin's Grafton Street to launch the RNLI's MAYDAY campaign in Ireland, which is proudly supported by John West.
``Farah has magic in her hands to make her female actresses look extraordinarily different.
Butterflies abound beautifully Thursday afternoon in Parole at Claiborne Place.
The emergency financial manager of the Detroit Public Schools is coming to testify at the state Capitol.
THE Governor of Kano State, Ibrahim Shekarau, has said Nigeria has cause to thank God in spite of the cases at the election tribunals and turbulence here and there, because the nation has successfully conducted a civilian-to-civilian transition.
A new Russian passenger jet carrying 50 people has gone missing on a demonstration flight in Indonesia, after taking off from Jakarta.
Ferrochrome producer ENRC posted a strong set of half-year figures and said it expected higher commodity prices to hold despite the macroeconomic uncertainties.
Openly gay Republican Fred Karger ended his bid for the White House on Friday with an announcement fitting of his often irreverent campaign.
Former Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad told a small and medium industries Congress here Wednesday that he has yet to receive any returns or dividend from his venture into the bakery and pastry business.
The police have detained four alleged illegal loggers and named them suspects at the Sebulu police station in Kutai Kartanegara regency, East Kalimantan.
Magglio Ordonez has made his retirement official, ending a stellar 15-season career with the Detroit Tigers and Chicago White Sox.
The region woke up to a blanket of snow after heavy falls during the night.
Bemis Co., a Neenah-based supplier of food and consumer packaging materials and a major employer in Wisconsin's Fox River valley, on Thursday reported a drop in earnings and sales.
Indian IT companies are looking to expand their 'near shore' delivery activities, opening their centers in Latin America.
East Timor opened its first national park turning a remote former rebel stronghold into a conservation area of forests, mountains, pristine beaches and sea.
Hot Dog on a Stick, the iconic California chain, will open the company's first kiosk stand in a mall today at Westfield Fashion Square, Sherman Oaks, making the fun-loving, interactive dining experience and all-American hot dogs and cheese on a stick more accessible and convenient for guests in the San Fernando Valley.
CBS won Tuesday in viewers for the fourth consecutive week as the Network's three dramas-NCIS, THE MENTALIST and WITHOUT A TRACE-all won their time periods, according to preliminary Nielsen live plus same day ratings for Oct. 14.
Milan prosecutors demand 6 years for Berlusconi Milan prosecutors on Monday demanded a prison sentence of six years and a lifetime ban from public office for former Premier Silvio Berlusconi in his sex-for-hire trial.
Several people were hurt when football supporters clashed Saturday in the Moscow underground where traffic had to be briefly stopped, Interfax news agency reported.
Official figures show that Japan, the world's second-largest economy, officially entered recession in the third quarter after shrinking another 0.1 percent as companies cut back on investment to offset the financial squeeze.
A UPS cargo plane crashed in Dubai today, and the two crew members on board are believed to have been killed.
A Bakersfield woman gave birth to her baby in a toilet when she went to use the bathroom Friday morning.
Microsoft Corp. is considering opening a data center in Iowa that would offer high wages and require an investment of hundreds of millions of dollars, lawmakers say.
A woman was robbed outside a Boca Raton hotel Monday night, police said.
A leading Chinese dissident writer will attend the Nobel ceremony in Norway, an activist group said Sunday, despite a crackdown on supporters of this year's jailed peace prize laureate Liu Xiaobo.
Sources state that National Award winning actress Priyamani will play Siamese twins in the Kannada flick Charulatha.
The Baltimore Ravens will unveil their new offensive weapons in a Thursday night NFL odds picks game, as Anquan Boldin and Dante Stallworth make their purple debuts.
Ultimate Software, a leading provider of unified human capital management SaaS solutions for global businesses, announced today that it will host a free, interactive human resources workshop on Wednesday, November 17, 2010 at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge in Scottsdale, AZ.
Who got fired on tonight's show?
The police could have done more to ease the situation in Marikana during last year's unrest, the Farlam Commission of Inquiry heard on Friday.
Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues Stephen J. Rapp of the Office of Global Criminal Justice will travel to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates May 18-19.
A Crossville woman was killed in a traffic crash early this morning, according to the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova advanced to the second round of the Sydney International with a 6-2, 6-7, 7-5 victory over fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova on Sunday.
The UK indexes pared losses of yesterday after better-than-estimated job data in the US The UK shop price inflation eased to a two-year low but permanent job placements rose in February.
Taiwan Sunday dispatched four coastguard and naval vessels to beef up patrols in waters near the Philippines following public outrage over the shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman by Filipino coastguards.
Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh on Friday claimed that Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati had sent offers to him to join the BSP.
The Adelaide Convention Centre has won two more prestigious national awards at the Meetings and Events Industry Awards held in Adelaide last night.
Italy scraped through a key bond auction test today at the end of a disastrous year for the euro zone.
The release of convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al-Megrahi has sparked calls for a boycott of Scotland by some Americans angry that he was allowed to go home to Libya to a hero's welcome.
Diether Haenicke, 73, died Sunday in Bronson Methodist Hospital of complications from a head injury he suffered in December.
England manager Fabio Capello says he can understand why Rio Ferdinand may be upset at losing the captaincy to John Terry, but insists that it was a decision he needed to make.
VirtualLogger has released a new post-call customer survey system that eliminates most of the steps required for installation, while still obtaining all of the information a call center needs.
A Saint Louis Circuit Judge rules against the Saint Louis Police Department in a case dating back to the 2006 World Series ticket scandal.
A lawsuit against the ``no fly'' list that is used by the Transportation Security Administration to stop suspected terrorists from boarding airplanes should be allowed to proceed, an appeals court in Oregon.
The BuzzFeed website asked readers Monday whether they would sleep with first lady Michelle Obama.
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has signed into law a bill that bans abortions from being performed at 20 weeks or later into a pregnancy.
The latest report from the state Health Department has 87 confirmed flu cases in North Dakota.
Kenny Chesney took top honors at the CMAs this week as he took home entertainer of the year.
Amidst an avalanche of digital manifestos, Ian Bogost's How to Do Things with Video Games aims to be something very different.
Home prices inched up 0.6% compared to February 2009 according to the S&P/Case-Shiller 20-city index, with nine of the 20 cities showing gains.
LIPA trustees renew power plant contract Despite opposition from environmentalists, Long Island Power Authority trustees voted to approve a new 15-year-old contract for dozens of National Grid power generators.
A North Korean patrol vessel is suspected of firing on a Chinese fishing boat plying the waters off Korea's west coast, wounding the ship's captain, the South Korean coast guard said Monday.
The labour market remains stable when a total of 249,471 jobs are expected to be generated by all sectors in the economy this year, according to the 2012/2013 Economic Report released today.
Luis Suárez has confirmed that he wants to leave Liverpool this summer -- but the Anfield club insist the striker is ``not for sale''.
12/7/2009-New York Community Bancorp announced Monday that it will offer 60 million shares of its common stock.
Pakistan decided to resume Nato supply routes without any financial incentives as these Ground Lines of Communication were stopped in national interest and resumption was in line with national sovereignty.
A Middlesex County man has been diagnosed with West Nile Virus, the state department of public health announced today.
Matthew Morrison will sing an original song from his debut album in the 'Glee' season 2 finale.
On May 27, 2010, Astronergy announced that Munich Re, one of the world's leading reinsurance companies, will be covering Astronergy's crystalline silicon and thin film PV modules, a guarantee that holds PV panels to high performance standards for the power output warranty period.
In a first of its kind incident, a senior RAW officer was arrested by CBI for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs one lakh from a Chennai-based manufacturer.
Musa said that what was important was for him, as the State BN Chairman, to ensure that the BN win back the seat.
Multiple wrecks snarled traffic along Interstate 10 this morning, but no injuries have been reported so far.
The criminal justice system must bite so that criminals can find no place to hide, ANC president Jacob Zuma said on Saturday.
Kentucky State Police say a tractor-trailer has plunged into a creek in eastern Kentucky.
Anti-gay Christians love to quote John 8:32, which says that ``the truth will make you free.''
USD/JPY as of Monday has once again respected the strong accelerated downtrend represented by the key downtrend resistance line extending from the early June high.
PwC announced that it has completed its acquisition of global management consulting firm PRTM.
The Raiders targeted DJ Hayden from the start and would have taken the Houston cornerback at No. 3 in the NFL draft had the right trade offer not been presented to Oakland.
Billionaire investor Ron Burkle on Thursday launched a proxy battle at Barnes & Noble Inc, after talks over the future of the largest US book-selling chain collapsed and a poison pill to prevent him from taking over was upheld in court.
UK manufacturing activity weakened sharply last month, a survey showed on Tuesday, suggesting that exporters' gain from a weaker pound has been more than offset by slower domestic demand and intense cost inflation.
Libyan leader Moamer Gaddafi slammed US Democratic presidential candidate Barak Obama for his support of Israel and described him as ``ignorant of international politics,'' media reports said Thursday.
The Indiana Senate has approved a constitutional amendment to cap property taxes.
A UFO expert has claimed aliens have hijacked a NASA spacecraft and are using it to try to contact Earth.
On February 3, Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz announced at his annual State of the Borough Address that Tina Chang of Park Slope has been named the new poet laureate of Brooklyn.
Like many smartphones before it, the Droid has been rooted so that owners of the Android 2.0-based smartphone can install multitouch support, enhanced themes, and other previously forbidden goodies.
Gasoline prices extended their record run at the pump Thursday, but took a breather in futures trading as investors collected profits from the previous session's huge advance.
The new health minister will be taken to court over dispensing fees for doctors and other non-pharmacist dispensers, the National Convention on Dispensing said on Monday.
MIDFIELDER Justin Cochrane has left Yeovil Town after manager Russell Slade decided against renewing his contract with the club.
India fast bowler Ishant Sharma has been fined 15 per cent of his match fee for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during the third day's play in the fourth and final Test against Australia in Delhi on Sunday.
A newly elected barangay captain was shot dead by an unidentified gunman on Friday while riding a motorcycle with his wife and child in Ilocos Sur, a radio report said.
Today's Water Cooler lineup of off the beaten path online stories are: ``African-Americans For Harry Reid'' Facebook page lists 5 fans... 4 are white, Senate health care bill gives $7 billion to health centers--could fund abortions, and White House gets 'A' for openness.
Marijuana worth more than $2 million was seized Thursday after police raided two Niagara Falls homes.
Bangladesh has been ranked 88th among the ``best'' 100 countries in the world by the Newsweek, an international newsmagazine, which undertook the rather interesting survey.
LinkedIn is opening up full access to its new platform, a thousand developers, serving over one billion page views across the web later.
Two directors connected with Canwest, Leonard Asper and Thomas Strike, have resigned from Ten's board, effective immediately, Ten said in a statement on Friday.
Peers are to be banned from taking money from lobbying firms to ask questions in Parliament, under new rules announced yesterday.
Today, Midway launched the full official website for TNA iMPACT! the video game.
By a nearly 8-to-1 margin, Chicago firefighters and paramedics voted Wednesday to ratify a new contract that gives them a 10 percent pay raise over five years in exchange for manpower changes that will help the city reduce overtime costs.
When he threw the pass that won the Super Bowl, Ben Roethlisberger thought he'd just blown the game for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Volunteer divers have been retrieving fishing equipment and household goods that were washed away into the sea here by the tsunami triggered by the March 11 earthquake in an attempt to clean up the area for fishing boats.
The British High Commission in Accra, Ghana today April 10, 2013 opened a book of condolence for the former British Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher who died April 8, 2013 at the age of 87.
Fargo Police are investigating an armed robbery that happened at a Christian retail store last night.
A teenage girl was killed after being hit by a car while crossing a road, police said today.
Word now is Liam Neeson will replace Mel Gibson as a Bangkok tattoo artist in The Hangover 2.
In January 2012, he's launching his own site, JimRomenesko.com, and will ``semi-retire'' from Poynter, the Huffington Post reported today.
Authorities say a Kalamazoo woman lost part of her leg in a boating accident on a southwestern Michigan lake.
Kuban Krasnodar striker, Lacina Traore, has compared himself with CSKA Moscow striker, Seydou Doumbia, after scoring a brace in the latest Russian Premier League encounter against arch rivals, FC Krasnodar.
Mold was discovered in three Willingboro schools including the high school, where several rooms are affected.
It appears a serial bandit has struck again in Bucks County.
Vietnamese government on Tuesday released a white paper on national defense, providing updated information on the country's military forces and illustrating Vietnam's national defense policy.
Georgia coach Andy Landers won his 800th career game when the Bulldogs routed Savannah State 74-28 on Thursday night.
Music channel MTV said Thursday it has launched a Middle East website to allow viewers to request music videos, vote for artists and watch live performances.
Pakistan should learn some lessons from India, where the army chief appeared before parliament's Public Accounts Committee in connection with functioning of canteens, Leader of Opposition Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan has said.
Matt Wells going to utah state to coach quarterbacks.
Actress Michelle Williams, age 31, two-times Oscar nominee for having played in the romantic drama ``Brokeback Mountain'' and in ``Blue Valentine``, says to journalists from The Sun that she feels lucky to have survived Hollywood. She is thankful for having kept her sanity and not going on the wrong tracks like many other young movie stars who just couldn't take in their early success.
The number of mortgages approved has more than doubled during the past year as the property market continues to recover, figures showed today.A total of 60,518 loans for people buying a new home were in the pipeline during November, the highest level since March 2008 and more than double the record low of 27,162 seen in November of that year.Net lending, which strips out redemptions and repayments, also increased for the third month in a row to stand at £1.46billion, a level last seen in February, according to the Bank of England.Britain's beleaguered factory bosses were also given a lift today after a survey reported the sector's best month for two years during December.The Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply's headline activity index - where a score over 50 registers growth - reached 54.1, up from 51.8 in November and much better than the 52 forecast by City economists.The average reading for the fourth quarter of 2009 was also the highest since the end of 2007, fuelling hopes that the UK exited recession in the period.The improvement in mortgage lending has been driven by increased activity on the housing front, as recent price rises tempt both buyers and sellers back to the market.Hetal Mehta, senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club, said: 'An acceleration in mortgage approvals and higher mortgage lending bodes well for housing market prospects, but it is unlikely to be sufficient to sustain the rapid price increases seen over the second half of 2009.
Millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett was killed instantly when his plane smashed into a mountain on a cloudy day, police have said.
Kazakh government increased subsidies for grain exports to China to USD 40 per 1 tonne, this was announced by national railway carrier Kazakhstan Temir Zholy.
Little ones showcased skills, etiquette and cultural skills during a programme organized to mark the closing ceremony of a fortnight-long summer camp and workshops organized by Hallmark School of Education at Sector 15 here.
The Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and Connecticut Sea Grant confirmed yesterday that a juvenile Chinese mitten crab has been found in Connecticut waters.
Cancana Resources Corp. has closed a non-brokered private placement of Units and is announcing the appointment of Andrew Male as President of the Company.
Enfocus announces a technology partnership with GamSys, a developer of MIS solutions for the printing, packaging and publishing industries.
The United States said Thursday for the first time that Syria had likely used chemical weapons against rebel forces, but emphasized spy agencies were still not 100 percent sure of the assessment.
Hyderabad, Dec 11 Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu has appealed to the people of Andhra Pradesh to maintain peace and not resort to vandalism in protest against the Congress' decision to initiate the process for creation of Telangana state.
Diyawadana Nilame Pradeep Nilanga Dela Bandara said yesterday that the Kandy Esala Perahera of the Sri Dalada Maligawa which will take place next month will be special this year as there will be new dance routines, newly designed costumes and a large number of visitors at the event.
A man suffered a significant injury when he was struck in the head by an unknown attacker in the South of Market area Monday, police said.
Chelsea midfielder Michael Ballack has agreed a one-year contract extension which will keep him at the club until the end of next season.
A new report into the state of the environment in Lebanon, produced by the Environment Ministry, the UN Development Program and the consultancy Ecodit, paints a stark portrait of the country's green credentials.
Actress America Ferrera has won the best TV actress award for her role in 'Ugly Betty' at the annual Imagen Awards held in Beverly Hills, California.
Mortgage lender Halifax has said the average stamp duty bill for first-time house buyers has nearly doubled to an average of £1,751 in only 5 years.
Google to offer free virtual tours Updated: 13:49, Sunday April 8, 2012 Google has adapted its Street View technology to map galleries and museums around the world so people can take free virtual tours online.
A Turkish company has signed a partnership agreement with a Saudi company to establish a joint venture.
Jet Airways has announced that it will start daily flights from Dubai to Mumbai and New Delhi starting on August 23rd.
POLICE in Coleraine are appealing for information regarding an assault at a bar in the area of Bridge Street, Cushendall, on Saturday 18 February.
France may send special forces back to Afghanistan to bolster its presence there, even after 10 soldiers were killed last week, Defence Minister Herve Morin said in an interview published Tuesday.
Some protesters arrested Saturday by Rochester police during a march in the city say they were unfairly targeted.
Britain's Olympians and Paralympians are to get their own honours list, rather than simply being included in the New Year's Honours.
House prices have fallen by 2.1% over the past year, according to the Land Registry's latest flagship House Price Index.
Former Georgia coach Jim Donnan faces Ponzi scheme charges.
I AM the parent that this article refers to & wish to point out that in no way do I defend my daughter's failure to comply with instruction from Ms Gormley, but feel that the punishment must fit the crime.
Director of Tourism, John Lynch, has announced that airlift to Jamaica is to be increased by approximately 70,000 seats this winter season.
Caterpillar Inc., the largest construction and mining equipment maker, said the business cycle is in the early stages of a recovery and that the company expects to see a ``tailwind'' from US and European demand.
Ghana has cut fuel subsidies following an increase in crude oil prices and the depreciation of the Ghana cedi currency, the head of Ghana's National Petroleum Authority said in a statement yesterday.
Police have arrested four suspects aged 16 to 19 years for committing housebreaking at Serangoon North Ave 4.
THE eurozone debt crisis is not yet over, even if calm appears to have returned to the financial markets, the Bundesbank warned on Tuesday as it set aside billions of euros in new risk provisions.
Rain robbed Australia of certain victory in their pre-Test series warm-up match against a Jamaica XI on Sunday.
London, Nov 13: 'It was in the sale' is the top excuse used by women to justify shopping sprees, says a new study.
A longtime Burr Ridge trustee was appointed interim mayor on Monday after the resignation of Mayor Gary Grasso.
A 27-year-old valley woman says she escaped with her life after being held captive and repeatedly assaulted for four days by her ex-boyfriend.
2013-05-23T09:04:00Z 2013-05-23T09:10:01Z Iowans divided on another term for BranstadJAMES Q. LYNCH Des Moines Bureau Mason City Globe Gazette Nearly half of Iowa voters give Gov. Terry Branstad a positive job approval rating, but a poll released this morning suggests they think he has been in office long enough.
There is no doubt about the fact that Britain needs to tackle deep-seated social issues following riots and looting in English cities this week.
The Pirates signed free-agent left-handed reliever Javier Lopez to a one-year contract.
How the video games industry is faring Companies in the video games industry have begun releasing earnings reports for the latest quarter.
A 29-year-old Lorain man was arrested for driving under the influence and losing control early Saturday morning on 5075 Pearl Ave,, according to a police report.
World oil prices stayed above USD 100 a barrel in Asian trade today on fears the escalating turmoil in Egypt will disrupt supply flows through the strategic Suez Canal.
David Braley rejects claims he was working behind the scenes to force a city council decision approving the east Mountain stadium site.
Markets bounced back in the positive terrain.
Knockdrinna Farm Shop & Café is celebrating its first successful year of business in Stoneyford on July 4 with an open day and fund raiser in conjunction with Scoil Chiarain Naofa's Parents Association next Sunday.
A crew works on one of four megaloads bound for a Billings, Mont., oil refinery at the Port of Lewiston Monday morning.
A south suburban village official has been charged with drug possession following a raid at his home Thursday.
Denver quarterback Peyton Manning called some hospital victims of the Colorado theater shooting to lift their spirits.
Cameron Diaz says she loves working on sequels because it helps her know the characters better.
LONDON Britain's military says a UK soldier has been shot dead by insurgents in southern Afghanistan.
The Hockey India election scheduled for February 7 and which has already generated a lot of controversies was on Saturday deferred yet again because of a stay order from the Rajasthan High Court.
An Argentinian dog has sat by his master's grave at 6pm every day for the past six years.
Bristol Airport has encouraged its inbound passengers to make use of new facial recognition gates, which have been installed to strengthen border security and increase efficiency at arrivals points.
Shares of ON Semiconductor hit a 52-week low on Tuesday.
The US special envoy to the Middle East is meeting senior Israeli officials in an attempt to kickstart the stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace process.
Portable photo scanners can digitize old photographs in seconds and save them to memory cards or directly onto a computer.
HIGHLANDERS and Black Rhinos will renew yesteryear rivalry when the two sides lock horns for the first time in three years in a Castle Lager Premier Soccer League at Barbourfields Stadium on Sunday.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are getting very close to historic lows as we are currently sitting on the 2011 low.
Italian giants Juventus have contacted Zenit St Petersburg coach Luciano Spalletti in case their move for Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez falls through.
Prince Harry and his comrades from Afghanistan have received campaign medals for their service in Afghanistan today.
NEW England Patriots cornerback Alfonzo Dennard faces up to six years in prison after he was found guilty on Wednesday of assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest last year, court officials said.
The London stock market closed higher on Tuesday with the leading share index FTSE 100 up 78.12 points, or 1.45 percent, at 5,484.06 points.
Russia called Monday for a new European-Atlantic security treaty that it said would restore strategic parity.
Panthers selected Penn State LB Dan Connor with the No. 74 overall pick in the draft.
An Albany-area man is facing assault charges after he allegedly rammed a police car, forcing two sheriff's deputies to open fire on his pickup truck.
Firefighters have worked through the night to control a wildfire that burned 130 acres in the eastern Maine town of Robbinston.
Veteran Josh Ross eased into the 100m semi-finals at the Australian athletics championships.
'My stomach's bigger than it was,' she tells Now's Dan Wootton, before adding with a smile: 'But I have had four kids since then after all.
ASSOCIATED PRESS Washington Redskins running back Larry Johnson, foreground, scores a touchdown as New York Jets' Jason Taylor and teammate Kenwin Cummings look on during the fourth quarter of an NFL preseason football game at New Meadowlands Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ, Friday, Aug. 27, 2010.
A quarry firm has been fined $30,000 after a worker was hit on the head by a rock the size of a cricket ball.
Protests erupted Saturday in the Turkish town of Reyhanli near the border with Syria after twin car bombs killed at least 42 people there, local media reported.
Average house prices in England and Wales remained flat in May, showing no monthly change at £183,266, according to the latest figures from Land Registry.
India has received the first consignment of uranium fuel from Russia for unit-1 of 1000 MW Kudankulam Nuclear power project, an NPCIL spokesperson said today.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is confident that City can win the Premier League title this season, as he expects the team to be in a favourable position when he returns from the Cup of Nations.
Actress Uma Thurman has broken off her engagement to French multi-millionaire Arpa 'Arki' Busson.
Republican incumbent US Sen. John Cornyn has defeated Democratic challenger Rick Noriega in the Texas Senate race.
FORMER Rangers manager Walter Smith is to receive an honorary degree today by Glasgow Caledonian in recognition of his achievements in Scottish football.
Brian Schmitz, the Orlando Magic beat writer for the Orlando Sentinel, has a new piece on his blog describing how the Magic feel about facing Detroit in the first-round of the upcoming NBA playoffs.
Asian stocks have rebounded Wednesday after two days of losses.
Protecode announced that they have joined the Eclipse Foundation, a not-for-profit, open source community, whose projects are focused on building an open development platform that helps cultivate both an open source community and an ecosystem of complementary products and services.
1333 BC-Mortgage Mess-Rescue,0225 Lenders offer broader mortgage plan, extends to borrowers of all loans, not just subprime Eds:
US President Barack Obama vowed on Tuesday to ``finish the job'' of an unpopular and costly eight-year war in Afghanistan, and officials said he could announce an increase of around 30,000 troops next week.
Virgin Media is set to roll out free public Wi-Fi networks in Bradford and Leeds as part of the government's super-connected city initiative.
AIB will meet with all Galway customers in mortgage arrears by this summer, according to CEO David Duffy.
More than 300 municipal employees from various departments converged at the city council's head office yesterday afternoon, carrying placards reading ``Enough is enough''; ``We are tired of being treated like baboons'' and ``A rich city writing off N$13 million?''
Japanese exports fell 4.5 per cent in November from a year earlier, expanding the trade deficit to Y684.73 billion, the government says.
Police confirmed Saturday evening that a man was found dead inside a house on State Street where UK students lived.
The Louisiana Department of Revenue now mandates state income tax filing extension requests be submitted electronically, beginning with returns due in 2013.
Chinese telecommunications equipment giant Huawei Technologies Co. will create an Australian board of directors this year, its first board outside China, to steer its business in Australia, the company said in a statement Monday.
Local.com this morning said it acquired the assets of Los Angeles-based Octane360, a start-up that provides ad solutions to small businesses and other customers, for $5 million in cash.
Former Australia international Justin Harrison has retired from professional rugby with immediate effect after leaving Bath.
``From whatever I can piece together the information from the information given by the villagers and assuming it to be true, I am afraid the news is grim and sad,'' Chidambaram told reporters in New Delhi.
A Danville man, already charged with the malicious wounding of a teenager, is now charged with the murder of a woman.
The WFU, which is a voluntary organisation with the primary aim of linking producer and consumer, says it wants to launch a London chapter in February 2010.
Transhumansim needs a quick introduction, or ``elevator pitch'' in case we need to explain ourselves to the uninitiated.
Pune Warriors all-rounder Marlon Samuels has been reported for a suspect action by the on-field and TV umpires after his team's victory against Chennai Super Kings on Saturday evening.
The US sent Taiwan four ballistic missile detonators instead of helicopter batteries by mistake in 2005 which have since been recovered, the Pentagon said Tuesday announcing an inquiry.
The 13th Olympic Congress concluded here on Monday with a harvest of 66 recommendations for the century-old modern Olympic Games, among which the proposals about athletes and youth were put into the highest rank.
ITV is to cut more jobs, this time at their ITV Signpost division which is housed at the ITV Tyne Tees studios near Newcastle.
NiSource Inc. has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America in recognition of the company's sustainable business practices and performance.
Iran expected Russia to honour its commitments to complete Bushehr nuclear power plant in southern Iran based on the previously agreed timetable, IAEO deputy chief said on Saturday.
The 45km stretch of road from Tapah to Cameron Highlands will be widened to allow for smoother traffic flow.
Monday is Columbus Day, observed as a public holiday in most states, including New York.
US President Barack Obama called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday to offer condolences for a bombing in Jerusalem that killed a British woman and injured at least 34 people, including six US citizens, the White House said.
MIAMI, Fla. ― A student has reportedly died after collapsing at a South Florida high school.
Police in Bulawayo are barring council workers from disconnecting water from stations, sparking an outcry from the city fathers.
A man was pulled from a retention pond on the northwest side late Sunday night.
The legendary Prince has just announced an upcoming US tour which is set to kick off in December!
The third British soldier in one week has been killed in action in southern Afghanistan.
Employee contributions to funded pension schemes surpassed the rate of employer contributions last year for the first time in the past six years.
Wednesday, ArcelorMittal said that it is closing down its production activities at its Lachine facility in Montreal, due to falling demand for wire in North America and the rise of the Canadian dollar against the US dollar.
A Maui man charged with sex assault has been arrested on a New Mexico reservation.
The weekly series ``If Walls Could Talk'' is coming to Louisiana and parts of Texas and Arkansas within a two-hour radius of Shreveport to film homes with intriguing pasts and unusual stories.
German auto company Karmann, which made the classic VW Karmann Ghia two-seater from the 1950s to the 1970s and also has built convertibles for Audi and Chrysler, filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday, blaming the sharp decline in demand for cars for its predicament.
The Spanish King, Juan Carlos 1, has called for an immediate cease fire to hostilities in Gaza.
The Buffalo Sabres placed captain Craig Rivet on waivers on Wednesday in a bid to clear their books of a defenseman who has spent much of the season struggling to get playing time.
Jenna Jameson said she has 'changed 100 per cent' since becoming a mum and said her whole life is her family now.
Iranian fighter jets fired on an unarmed US drone in the Gulf last week and missed, the Pentagon said November 8, 2012, warning that the United States stood ready to protect its forces in the region.
US presidential candidate Newt Gingrich is using ``racial code words'' to pander to White Republicans, claims militant Black congresswoman Shelia Jackson Lee.
Florida Panther Richard Zednik spoke publicly for the first time Wednesday about his frightening injury that nearly cost him his life here in Buffalo.
London England\'s CWG officials are happy that redemption work at the Games Village has grown vigorously but maintained ``more and swift action is required'' before their second batch of athletes arrive on Sunday.
In the latest film by adventurer and videographer Devin Graham, he caught the moment where boyfriend Creighton Baird encouraged, and then pushed, his girlfriend off a cliff.
Redeemed rolled to a front-running victory Friday, beating Eldaafer by 10 lengths in the $200,000 Brooklyn Handicap at Belmont Park.
Police are still trying to trace a taxi driver who may have information about an attempted murder on January 11.
Harley-Davidson Inc. said Friday it will cut 1,100 jobs over two years, close some facilities and consolidate others as it grapples with a slowdown in motorcycle sales.
Huawei has announced the Ascend P6, which it claims to be the world's thinnest smartphone, at a media event in London.
British model Lara Stone has revealed that she thinks pop star Lady Gaga is 'not sexy at all'.
The JSE closed firmly in the black before close on Wednesday amid optimism about the US economy, with Fed chairman Ben Bernanke expected to announce another round of stimulus later this week.
A MALDON woman was given ``one last chance'' to break her drug habit in Ballarat Magistrates Court yesterday.
The Coroner's Court was informed yesterday that the late Baharudin Ahmad appeared weak and was breathing with difficulty when entering Avenue K.
Azerbaijan will develop a new action plan to combat corruption, Combating Corruption Department Chief Kamran Aliyev told Trend today.
The West Bengal government plans to make 'outdoor games' compulsory in schools across the State, Sports Minister Kanti Ganguly said on Thursday.
Goldschmidt hits grand slam, D-backs beat Cub 12-4 Paul Goldschmidt hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning, leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12-4 win over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday night.
Blockbuster Inc. said Thursday that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after agreeing a deal with bondholders to recapitalize the company by converting senior debt into equity.
Vail Dermatology announced today the official grand opening of their new dermatology office in Basalt, Colorado.
A Thousand Oaks psychiatrist who was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs twice in three months is being investigated for treating patients while impaired and overprescribing pain killers, according to the Ventura County Sheriff's Office.
Some 41pc of US shoppers have used their phones to check competitive prices while in a retail store either with Amazon, Red Laser, or another comparison engine, according to a new study by IHL Group and RetailConnections.
A local animal rescue group is closing its doors this week, and dozens of cats and dogs need new homes.
They want kitchens that hark back to simpler times, such as the 1940s, '50s or '60s.
The Rock County Sheriff's Department says a man's body was found in a ditch near Kenneth, Minnesota.
Cody Rhodes and Kane have the trappings for a great feud, if the WWE would let them.
San Jose-based networking giant Brocade announced Monday that it plans to buy Foundry Networks, a Santa Clara-based network equipment maker, in a deal worth around $2 billion.
An Israeli attack on Iran would be suicide, Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi said Sunday in an interview with Iranian official news agency IRNA.
Iran has test fired nine long- and medium-range missiles, including one which it has previously said could reach Israel and US bases in the region, state media reported on Wednesday.
Garbage is piling up in one Regina neighbourhood and it is frustrating people who live there and an eyesore for those passing through.
As of April 25, Sean and Catherine are the most watched and followed couple in ``Bachelor'' and ``Bachelorette'' history.
The US military has been hard hit by sweeping budget cuts, but has not lost its capacity to stand up to an attack by North Korea, defense officials said.
Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai on Friday took a potshot at the government, saying the governance in these days has become too important to be left to the government, even as he virtually called ministers, MPs and MLAs typical bullies.
Shanghai, June 9 China's quality regulator said today that Shanghai GM is recalling 4,199 imported Cadillac vehicles to remove their faulty windshield wiper fluid systems that could lead to fires, Xinhua News reported.
South Dakota has the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, according to the most recent national numbers.
TERRY VENABLES last night led the tributes to former Chelsea manager Dave Sexton, who has died aged 82.
Italian TV icon Elisabetta Canalis is the second contestant eliminated from dancing with the stars''.
Haile Gebrselassie failed to qualify for the 10,000 meters at the London Games on Sunday, finishing outside the top two of the Ethiopian qualifiers at the FBK Games.
In a vote hailed by President Barack Obama, the US Senate has passed comprehensive immigration reform that would put 11 million undocumented people on a path to earning citizenship.
The government has de-freezed the bank accounts of debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and Air India after the two air carriers made part-payment of their service tax dues.
englewood-cop-shoots-jersey-city-man.jpgGoogle MapsA Jersey City man was shot and wounded by an Englewood detective on Saturday, northjersey.com reports.
Oil fell in Asian trade on Friday following a strong rally overnight as investors showed increased confidence after G20 leaders promised to work together to fight the global crisis, analysts said.
Funeral services will be held in Houston tomorrow for the family killed in a Colorado plane crash late last week.
Chaz Bono and Lacey Schwimmer have great chemistry on Dancing with the Stars.
Barely weeks before the Indian and Pakistani Foreign Secretaries meet in New York, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said that infiltration along the border has gone up in recent times.
ComplyData, a software development company, has unveiled the beta release of MyComply, an open professional networking and personal management offering for skilled worker.
Former president General Parvez Musharraf, who formally launched his own political party-All Pakistan Muslim League in London last month, will permanently shift from London to Dubai next month, an aide said.
Just in time for 2010, Miami-Dade County is about to get its largest artificial reef deployed by and for the sport-diving community.
Lucky Oye!', has done varying roles in his three-year film career, but he is most uncomfortable doing 'sensuous scenes'.
This is the first two-year sales tax decline since 1950, according to Robbins.
The Patriots have parted ways with their second defensive line regular in a week, cutting starter Kyle Love with a non-football illness designation after he was diagnosed with diabetes.
Aaron Boone of the Houston Astros will soon have heart surgery that could end his career, the veteran infielder said on Wednesday.
A 27-year-old farmer committed suicide after consuming pesticide in Saras village under Sadar block on Friday.
THE Lebanese cabinet yesterday appointed Brigadier General Jean Qahwaji as new army commander, replacing the former army chief who became president in May, Lebanon's Naharnet news website reported.
A pilot is killed in a helicopter crash today in Kansas.Authorities blocked off an area in McPherson County, where the aircraft went down in a field.They used four-wheelers to get to the wreckage.The name of the pilot has not been released.Federal agents are looking into the cause of the crash.
Emirati teenagers are more prone to indulge in crime than expatriates as their prosperous life and spoiling by families turned them into irresponsible persons, according to an Emirati police researcher.
Computer manufacturer Acer has announced it will write off US$150m following internal audits of EMEA operations discovered ``abnormalities'' in channel inventory stored in freight forwarders' warehouses, and in the accounts receivable from channels in Spain.
A few weeks ago the 100,000th knol was published, and we figured now is an excellent time to reflect on the first five months of Knol's existence.
Microsoft has lost its appeal agai,nst a lawsuit brought by a Canadian company i4i.
Missouri City police investigated an assault, two burglaries and two reports of fraud on Wednesday.
Governor Granholm will visit Traverse City Wednesday to discuss the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
``The biometric system will be implemented all entry points from October to enable the particulars of each visitor to the country to be recorded,'' said Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein.
Yahoo, Japan's Softbank and Chinese Internet company Alibaba Group say they remain in ``constructive'' talks and have made ``encouraging progress'' toward compensating the two Alibaba shareholders for the loss of Web payment service Alipay.
An asteroid whizzing around the sun between Mars and Jupiter has officially been named North Dakota, making the state one of the few with such a heavenly distinction.
US carrier AT&T has doubled its upgrade fee to USD 36 from 18, with effect from 12 February, the New York Times reported.
German cable network operator PrimaCom has entered into domination agreement with its primary shareholder Omega as the controlling entity.
After nearly two months in detention, Zarganar, Burma's best-known comedian, and a colleague, appeared in court in Insein Prison in Rangoon on Wednesday, according to a source.
Kiev - A Ukrainian court on Thursday delayed a decision on lawsuits over controversial TV frequency assignments, the Interfax news agency reported.
A cast iron water main burst open today around 4 pm at the corner of Saltonstall and Pleasant streets, flooding the roadway and drawing out dozens of residents.
US TV news legend Walter Cronkite, dubbed ``the most trusted man in America'' for his calm delivery during a tumultuous period in US history, died at the age of 92, said the CBS network, where he spent most of his career.
STRATFORD Town ended a poor run of results with a comfortable 3-0 victory over basement boys Willenhall Town at the DCS Stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon on Saturday.
A HIGH-LEVEL delegation of Arab diplomats visited Liverpool to promote cultural links with the city and the international Arab community.
A drunk driver with multiple prior convictions was jailed for two years and forfeited his vehicle for his latest offences.
Birmingham central defender Scott Dann insists he is ready for the challenge of keeping his first team spot when Alex McLeish brings in new blood in January.
The rand remained on the front foot at midday on Thursday in a quiet market as players await key US data later in the afternoon.
European shares closed slightly up on Friday as results from companies such as Telecom Italia reassured investors, and strategists said stocks might extend the rally after hitting seven-month highs this week.
Legendary South American jockey Jorge Ricardo, the first jockey in the world to reach 10,000 wins, announced he will take a break from race riding to undergo treatment in his native Brazil for lymphoma.
Former British prime minister Tony Blair on Thursday joined US bank JPMorgan Chase & Co Inc as a senior advisor, according to a Reuters report from New York .
Palm Harbor Homes Inc., a nationwide factory-made home builder, filed for bankruptcy to sell its assets after saying it might need court protection from creditors due to liquidity constraints.
Director Tony Scott had brain cancer, according to ABC News.
US Olympian Kerri Walsh, who won a beach volleyball gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, exclusively confirmed to People she has given birth to a son.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to fly to Turkey on Sunday to attend a conference of the Permanent Committee of Social and Economic Cooperation.
Bihar opposition creates ruckus in assembly over lathicharge on teachers For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
A car went off the road and flipped several times in Penfield Sunday night.
Prime Income Asset Management, a Dallas-based advisory and management company to real estate and energy sector companies worldwide, along with one of its development companies, KLP Toulon Apartments LP, announced today that it has received a Community Development Block Grant from the Mississippi Development Authority.
Clients are the crux of any business as no clients means no moolah!
Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra,concludes its 42nd season with a performance conducted by Music Director Jeffrey Kahane featuring the world premiere of Composer-in-Residence Derek Bermel's highly anticipated homage to LA's Latin American community, Mar de Setembro, written for and performed by Grammy®-winning Brazilian vocalist Luciana Souza on Saturday, May 14, 8 pm, at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, and Sunday, May 15, 2011, 7 pm, at UCLA's Royce Hall.
A LEDBURY councillor has renewed his calls for a permanent job centre to return to the town.
Ayacucho, Apurimac and Cusco are likely to become the next mining boom in Peru, due to the many projects already scheduled in those areas, according to estimates from the National Society of Mining, Oil and Energy.
Former UNLV basketball star Glen Gondrezick, who later played for the New York Knicks and Denver Nuggets before turning to broadcasting, has died.
Tiger Woods has been hired as a pitchman for a Japanese heat rub used to relieve muscle and joint pain.
Killer driver Puneet Puneet celebrated with friends in the days before he fled Australia on a false passport, a court has heard.
The Milwaukee Brewers announced Thursday that they have hired former Kearney High standout Drew Anderson as an area scout.
Credit Suisse says it has suspended ``a handful'' of traders in connection with the over-valuation of assets by £1.5bn.
It was Day 20 on Survivor Caramoan 2013 and with only 12 castaways left on Survivor Season 26 it was time for the merge and with that brought even more drama and people trying to shift with alliances, but who got eliminated on Survivor 2013 last night?
China swung back to trade surplus in April after posting a rare deficit the previous month, official data showed, but analysts cautioned the better-than-expected figures may not reflect reality.
The Canadian Union of Postal Workers gave a 72-hour strike notice yesterday, which will begin at 11:59 EDT on Thursday, June 2 if the Canada Post does not submit to certain provisions demanded by the CUPW.
The legal, business information and media company Thomson Reuters said Friday that an amendment to ban gay marriage in Minnesota would be bad for business.
Spike TV, a division of MTVN Entertainment Group, a unit of Viacom Inc. said that it has joined with the Ultimate Fighting Championship in a new digital partnership to launch UltimateFighter.com.
A French Red Cross official was kidnapped in western Yemen this weekend, the relief agency said.
The Pakistan Cricket Board on Monday warned former South Africa coach Mickey Arthur not to repeat his controversial allegations of match fixing against the Pakistan cricket team in his upcoming biography.
The super-versatile Djimon Hounsou will play the Angel of Death in ``Paradise Lost'', the Alex Proyas directed Gods vs. Gods thriller that is set to lens in Sydney shortly.
A new training course aimed at those working in the building industry who have little or no knowledge of sustainability will officially launch on Monday.
Srinagar, Oct 22 A militant was killed in a gunbattle with security forces in Sopore township of Baramulla district this evening, official sources said.
London Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 fell more than $1 a barrel on Wednesday to $52.49, weighed by further signs of easing demand in the world's top consumers and the deepening economic crisis.
Roberto Luongo will get the start over Martin Brodeur when Team Canada takes on Germany in Olympic men's hockey on Tuesday.
SCANDAL-prone ironwoman Candice Falzon has moved to Perth for a new life with her AFL star boyfriend Brent Staker but his ex-girlfriend doesn't have high hopes for the romance.
A new poll shows Democrat Barack Obama has a solid lead over Republican John McCain in the presidential race in Virginia.
Friday lunch gave his harness racing rivals a pacing lesson in Hobart last Sunday night with an impressive all-the-way win in the Light Harness Tasmania Pace over 1609 metres.
ENGLAND will welcome their senior one-day players back today after an experimental side secured a nervy victory over Ireland at Clontarf.
Two British soldiers have been killed in southern Afghanistan.
Ashok Leyland has target of Rs 57-58, says Kunal Bothra, LKP Share.
In the interest of strengthening ties with members of its Media Club and in celebration of its latest accomplishments, global digital and mobile communications leader LG Electronics announced its first quarter evaluation results at its quarterly Media gathering.
As per reports and information from our sources,Malaysian palm oil futures edged up on Tuesday, as investors positioned themselves ahead of export data later this week, though lingering worries about euro zone debt capped gains.The benchmark August crude palm oil contract on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives exchange closed 0.8 percent higher at 3,380 ringgit a tonne.Traded volumes were thin at 8,104 lots at 25 tonnes each, compared with a total, and more than two-week high, at 17,205 lots from Monday.Everything else is positive - even crude oil came up a little bit,' said one trader.
A new poll shows President Barack Obama continues to lead Mitt Romney in New Jersey.
Andy Pettitte just showed up at the courthouse in Washington and is expected to testify today in the Roger Clemens trial.
British musician Taio Cruz is to perform at the Monaco Grand Prix, as the headline act for Formula 1 club, the Amber Lounge, on Sunday night.
Prime Shine Express Car Wash, based in Modesto, Calif., has opened its 11th central California carwash location and fourth in the Modesto area, according to a report by the Modesto Bee.
A spokesman says billionaire shopping mall magnate and Indiana Pacers co-owner Mel Simon, whose company owns two malls in Knoxville, Tenn., has died at age 82.
The US dollar topped 100 yen for the first time in more than four years.
The prosecution has demanded 14 years each in custody for former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his former business partner Platon Lebedev.
Sea Shepherd says Japanese whalers illegally killed a large minke whale in Australian waters.
As a followup to their uncomfortable encounter on her show, Martha criticizes Rachael Ray's recent cookbook release Book of Ten and calls her an ``entertainer'':
A Taylorsville pharmacist has been sentenced to up to 16 years in prison for drug and gun crimes.
A Bolivar child was injured in a wreck Sunday afternoon on Rt. T 4 miles west of Bolivar.
Modi, who is also a BCCI vice-president and the brain behind the highly successful Indian Premier League, lost the election 13-18 to Dixit, who is an IAS officer and is known to have the backing of the state government.
Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Barrister Shafique Ahmed said strict and effective implementation of laws can ensure punishment to those responsible for road accidents.
Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings and negative outlook for Abbott Laboratories on Wednesday and warned of a potential downgrade, citing the company's decision to buy Facet Biotech Corp. for $450 million.
The big question is why we are fed this rubbish.
Williams driver Nico Rosberg said Friday that he feels like the real winner of last year's Singapore Grand Prix following revelations that Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr deliberately crashed.
Pearl Jam will play concerts in Toronto on Aug. 21 and Chicago two nights later in their only non-music festival dates announced in North America this year.
Folks, listen to me, he just doesn't get it.
Washington, Mar 18 A day after Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao met US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and National Security Advisor James Jones, the United States has said it has a rich strategic dialogue with India.
The Amherst varsity basketball team dropped its second close game of the week, falling to Heritage, 55-54, on Friday, Jan. 21.
Assemblyman Scott Suder of Abbotsford has made some bad choices during his career in state politics.
UK stocks pared losses, led by gains in Essar Energy Plc and Standard Chartered Plc. The FTSE 100 Index fell less than 0.1 perecent to 5,670.254 at 3:57 pm in London.
Fire crews from local fire departments and the Department of Natural Resources are battling a grass fire this afternoon in Bevent.
China unexpectedly swung to a trade deficit in March, as imports surged after a holiday-induced lull, following strong surpluses in recent months.
US carrier Continental Airlines has announced plans to cut 1,700 jobs and increase some fees after reporting a $213m second-quarter loss due to falling passenger demand and lower fares.
Texas Tech reached a record enrollment for the fourth straight fall semester with 32,611 students as of the 12th day of classes.
Disaster Unemployment Assistance benefits are now available for storm victims in 10 Tennessee counties.
KidsPeace Corp., the owner of a nonprofit psychiatric hospital for teenagers in Pennsylvania, filed for bankruptcy blaming government spending cuts.
Jerry Montano has been granted a restraining order against a woman he dated after he was allegedly bombarded with phone calls.
The two-day event will broadcast live from Wiregrass Commons Mall on WDJR-FM 96.9, WESP-FM 102.5 and WDBT-FM 105.3 from 6 am to 6 pm The radiothon will benefit Children's Hospital in Birmingham, a non-profit pediatric hospital.
Joy Behar, co-host of the US daytime chat show The View turned 68 on Oct. 7, and her colleagues celebrated with a bit of help from some female comedians, including Lily Tomlin, Kathy Griffin, Joan Rivers, and Susie Essman.
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez felt Manchester United winger Antonio Valencia dived to win an equalising penalty.
The New Orleans Saints signed cornerback Aaron Glenn on Monday, hoping the 14-year veteran free agent can help shore up a shoddy pass defense.
Smith says destroyers arriving later Updated: 11:48, Thursday September 6, 2012 Budget cuts and skills shortage will delay the construction of three air warfare destroyers.
Raonic won the match 6-4, 6-4 to advance to the final.
WGN-TV reports that Blagojevich appeared in federal court this afternoon in black sweatpants and a blue and black jogging jacket and sneakers.
Cayuga won the Lone Star Cup with 68 points, topping Lindsay, who was second with 64 points.
The Cardinals added some depth to their offensive line on Thursday by signing veteran guard Russ Hochstein.
A manufacturer of wood stoves in Orillia's Forest Home Industrial Park has closed its doors, leaving the 13 remaining employees in the cold.
The US Postal Service said it is shifting operations from a north Fort Worth processing plant to Coppell as part of a nationwide consolidation plan.
Wells Fargo on Wednesday launched a $3 billion debt sale in a two-part sale backed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, IFR reported.
THE DEANES School could close in just over three years if Essex County Council plans to shut it get the go ahead.
Swiss private banking group Julius Baer has signed a strategic collaboration agreement with Macquarie Group, to expand its private and investment banking opportunities in North and South East Asia.
By MYFOXATLANTA STAFF/myfoxatlanta IKEA announced Thursday that it is voluntarily recalling its FÖRSTÅ coffee/tea makers after receiving reports of the units breaking.
Chicago aldermen today bemoaned a 20 percent cutback in branch library hours at a time when circulation is surging and neighborhood libraries are needed as safe-havens for young people.
A Grand Junction couple has been charged with felony child abuse for allegedly handcuffing a teenage boy from morning until bedtime, whipping him with a belt and denying him food and bathroom breaks.
Mosaic of South Central Iowa will be holding its second annual track and field meet from 9:30-noon Saturday at the Clarke Community High School track.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with manslaughter after a violent brawl outside a Coolangatta hamburger bar on the weekend.
Nagpur, Apr 4 At least seven naxalites were killed and several others injured in an encounter with police at Bhatpar jungle in Gadchiroli district bordering Chhattisgarh early this morning, police said.
Syrian troops fighting rebels in the town of Zabadani near Lebanon agreed to a ceasefire under which the army would withdraw and insurgents would leave the streets, a senior opposition leader said.
Park Ridge Hospital will offer free seasonal influenza and HINI vaccines to children ages 4 to 18 on Tuesday, Nov. 17, from 3 -- 9 pm at the Lelia Patterson Center, 1111 Howard Gap Road in Fletcher.
SFA chief executive Stewart Regan also confirmed that Rangers face a charge of bringing the game into disrepute.
Pakistani cricket umpire Aleem Dar has urged the Pakistan Cricket Board to provide central contract to top umpires of the country to produce successful umpires like him.
A day after being cleared by a grand jury, Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce says he has no regrets over how he acted the night his teammate Plaxico Burress shot himself in the leg.
Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Friday hinted at a compromise formula under which he may have to axe some ministers and transfer some officials to end the crisis in the BJP government in the state.
- Gov. Tim Pawlenty says he will veto tax increase proposals moving through the DFL-controlled Legislature.
Justin Bieber has revealed that this holiday season he's going to release an acoustic album.
A 28-year-old British woman, who works as a midwife at a London hospital, delivered her own baby in the bathroom using a pocket-sized mirror.
With Justin Timberlake performing for the first time after nearly five years, Destiny's Child's amazing reunion and Fall Out Boy's new album along with a tour announcement, it's safe to say our inner teenagers screamed to at least one of these comeback debuts.
But Israeli journalist Amira Hass faced fierce attack when she said Palestinians had a right to resist, as Lawrence Davidson notes.
Nationwide economic growth eased for the first time since March 2009 during the September quarter, led by a decline in activity in the South Island.
NATO said Thursday that another Taliban leader had been killed in an air strike and ground operation in northern Afghanistan, along with seven of his associates.
A businessman was shot dead by unidentified assailants at Sutrapur in the capital last night.
Olmert was cleared of the central corruption charges including the Rishon Tours affair, in which he was accused of double-billing nonprofit organizations and using profits for personal trips, and the Talansky Affair, in which Olmert was charged with taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from a US businessman.
Jared Padalecki of Supernatural and Gilmore Girls fame married one time co-star Genevieve Cortese who played a demon named Ruby.
The family of David Gray are taking their case to the civil courts in an attempt to bring Dr Daniel Ubani to account for his mistake.
Bangladesh found at least 40 dead turtles on the beach of the Bay of Bengal over the past week, officials said on Thursday.
Santa Ana has temporarily suspended efforts to hire a new city manager, possibly through the end of the year, Voice of OC has confirmed.
Mohammad Ashraful insists he is ready to return to the Bangladesh fold for the Test series with England and is feels there is now less of a burden on him to carry the Tigers' batting.
SEATTLE Detroit Tigers reliever Joel Zumaya will delay surgery on his ailing right elbow for six more weeks in an effort to see if he can pitch this season.
A New Jersey judge has agreed to hear a lawsuit that claims ``Jersey Shore'' producers engaged in a ``criminal enterprise'' by profiting from showing fights that cast members deliberately provoked.
Heavy rains pounded the DC region Wednesday, snarling traffic and prompting flood warnings in Virginia and Maryland counties.
Paypal will come to Macedonia next year.
American Idol 6 finalist Phil Stacey is releasing the patriotic anthem ``Old Glory'' to country radio for airplay over the Fourth of July holiday.
Martin Jol is focused on results at Fulham, rather than playing attractive football as he aims to keep his side in the Premier League.
President Barack Obama renewed his commitment to abortion rights yesterday, saying the nation needs to find common ground in the contentious abortion debate so ``our daughters have the same rights and opportunities as our sons.''
Microsoft has officially launched Windows 7 in Malawi with country manager for Microsoft East and Southern Africa Louis Otieno touting it as its most well-researched product.
``I think we're in uncharted waters,'' he told the Observer before a Charlotte Chamber event.
Pembroke native Niki Cross was drafted in the fifth round Friday, by the St. Louis Athletica of the Women's Professional Soccer league.
Richmond star Ben Cousins has been released from hospital after spending the night in intensive care following what the Tigers say was a bad reaction to a sleeping tablet.
A fire at the Lakeshore Villas apartment complex displaced a family of four and caused two firefighters to suffer smoke inhalation, the Port Ewen fire chief said on Friday.
Officials at Gina Rinehart's Roy Hill project say if current economic conditions continue foreign workers will not be needed to help build the mine.
A former mortgage broker has been committed to Crown Court for conducting unauthorised business, writes Ryan Fowler.
New Delhi, May 20 Wheat prices rose by up to Rs 25 per quintal in the wholesale market of the national capital due to increased demand from flour millers.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame expects a record turnout of members for its inductions celebrating its 50th anniversary.
The biggest German bank, Deutsche Bank, said Tuesday it would cut the level of provisions it takes against bad debts this year, a positive sign from a major international financial actor.
Mobile Fun, the online retailer of Mobile Accessories announces the launch of the iPhone 3GS Dock With External Battery Pack to double the battery life of the power hungry iPhone 3GS.
Professor Kwasi Nsiah-Gyabaah, Rector of Sunyani Polytechnic, at the weekend warned that Ghana would not be able to achieve middle income status by 2015 if it does not pay attention to science and technology.
Lake County has declared a state of emergency in the aftermath of Monday's storm as power outages continue.
Hundreds of locums across England are not being paid for taking part in appraisals, GP leaders have warned.
Magic Johnson and Larry Bird appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman Wednesday night to promote ``Magic/Bird'', the new play starting on Broadway that chronicles their world-famous rivalry throughout the years.
Legendary director Martin Scorsese will be honored with the 'Humanitarian' award by the Multicultural Motion Picture Association.
The Green Party made its most significant political breakthrough in Britain on Friday when it won its first ever national parliamentary seat in the seaside city of Brighton.
Ava Marie tries out cardio tennis, made famous on 'The Biggest Loser,' as she finds out about the
Former Assemblyman and one-time Jersey City Council President L. Harvey Smith was indicted Tuesday by a grand jury on charges of accepting $15,000 from a government informant posing as a developer who had a project to build in Jersey City.
England set Australia 546 to win the fifth Ashes test yesterday after debutant Jonathan Trott reached 119 on the third day.
Oprah Winfrey has settled a defamation lawsuit filed by a headmistress she had accused of performing poorly at her South African girls school, where some students claimed they were abused, lawyers said yesterday.
An Annandale man was killed Sunday in a mobile home fire, said Capt. Greg Howell of the Wright County Sheriff's Office.
Kolkata , Sep 7 Amid speculation that coach Subhas Bhowmick&aposs days were numbered, East Bengal which suffered two humiliating defeats in the start of the season in IFA Shield, went into damage control mode today.
Leona Lewis' latest pics seem to suggest that she has got a boob job done.
Iowa family digs up mammoth skeleton in backyard An Iowa family which discovered mammoth bones in the backyard is hoping archeologists will help dig up the rest of the skeleton.
BAMIYAN, AFGANISTAN: ``It's there,'' says an archaeologist pointing to the ground, where fragments of a Buddha statue from the ancient Gandhara civilisation have been covered up to stop them being stolen or vandalised.
The Minnesota Twins announced today that they will select the contracts infielder/outfielder Brian Dinkelman and right-handed pitcher Kyle Waldrop from Triple-A Rochester prior to Monday's double header with the White Sox at Target Field.
Citigroup yesterday warned of further large writedowns and credit losses in the second quarter, saying its business remained under pressure amid ``unprecedented'' market conditions.
Bashar al-Assad, Syria's president, addressed the Syrian nation today, saying his regime would consider political refo...
BBC daytime TV presenter Kristian Digby has been found dead in his London flat at the age of just 32.
SBI is yet to merge SBT, SBH, SBBJ, SBP, SBM with itself, reports CNBC-TV18.
16:02 Dubai police on Thursday showed off a new Ferrari they will use to patrol the city state, hot on the heels of a Lamborghini which joined the fleet earlier.
AR Murugadoss, the Tamil film director, has signed a record deal to do two joint venture projects in Tamil.
Police in the Eastern Region have arrested a 55 year old palmwine tapper who together with his two sons allegedly defiled a 13 year old girl.
As a major boost to already renowned Business Schools of our Country the IIMs may soon start giving out degrees instead of diplomas.
US-based Home School Legal Defense group fears that a UN treaty is causing more problems for home schoolers in several countries.
Space shuttle Atlantis blasted off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Friday, marking the final launch of NASA's space shuttle program.
Temescal Valley residents can drop off electronic waste Saturday, in a recycling event sponsored by First District Supervisor Bob Buster.
The 15-nation euro climbed slightly Thursday against the US dollar as markets continued to worry about an American recession.
Journal Communications Inc. announced Wednesday that it had sold its PrimeNet operations in Florida to a new company owned by PrimeNet president Mark Keefe.
Reality star Bethenny Frankel has filed for divorce to officially end her two-year marriage.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg defended NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly, who is under fire after appearing in anti-Muslim movie shown to 1,500 police officers.
BC-Flight 93 Memorial,0195 Flight 93 families ask Bush to OK land seizure Eds:
The State today wrapped up its $2.5 billion General Obligation bond sale, after further reducing yields and increasing the size of the offering by $500 million due to strong investor demand.
Tessera Technologies has announced that its Tessera and Invensas subsidiaries each entered into new eight-year patent licence agreements with SK hynix.
Turner Broadcasting System has announced it just opened its own local Oslo office.
Larry Ashmead, a former book editor who worked with Isaac Asimov, Tony Hillerman and other authors, has died at 78, his former employer, former employer, HarperCollins, said Friday.
A Croatian subsidiary of poultry producer Perutnina Ptuj opened in Zagreb on Tuesday a new distribution centre for northwestern Croatia.
The community-wide downtown Topeka health and wellness fair sponsored by KDHE and Capital City Wellness has been rescheduled for Wednesday, June 15, from 10 am to 1 pm
Addis Ababa July 1/2012 The Ethiopian Civil Aviation Authority said the number of aircrafts flying over Ethiopian airspace and using airports across the country has reached over 115,000 aircrafts over the last eleven months.
The Japanese stock market is trading weak on Friday, snapping a four-session winning streak, with investors indulging in some selling amid a few weak earnings reports.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao is promising greater cooperation with Arab nations on economic, political and cultural fronts.
NJ Gov. Chris Christie heads to Bergen County New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will hold a town hall event in Bergen County aimed at a ``middle-class reform agenda.''
South Africa's Test captain, Graeme Smith, wants to end the New Zealand tour on a high and believes that there is less pressure on an international team while playing away from home.
Volvo Rents, Shippensburg, Pa., recently opened a new company-owned rental center at 1200 W. Dartmouth Ave. in Englewood, Colo. The new rental center is Volvo Rents' third in Colorado, joining existing locations in Colorado Springs and Longmont, and will service the entire Front Range area.
Mexican media giant Televisa is to buy a stake in media company Univision as part of its strategy to become the number one in the Latin American media world.
The Malay votes in Penang may largely swing to Umno while the DAP will get the lion's share of the Chinese electorate in the coming general election, says a NGO here.
They took us into space and back, and now the Daily News is reporting that Canoga Park's ``Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne, a rocket-engine maker dating from the dawn of the Cold War and American space program, is up for sale.''
Despite human, infrastructure and financial setbacks, the Iloilo Flood Control Project is moving on to operation in 2009, said IFCP Information Management Group Head Engr.
The City watchdog warned mortgage lenders to treat customers in arrears fairly or face action from the regulator.
First Selectman Rudy Marconi, Democratic exploratory candidate for governor, has called for medical tort reform in Connecticut in order to avert a ``full-fledged doctor shortage.''
The Shura Council approved the proposed sukuk law during its session on Tuesday, the first time it will be issued in Egypt.
Last night's debate between Sen. Joe Biden and Gov. Sarah Palin was ``entertainment'' but useful since it showed that the Republican vice presidential nominee could stay in the ring with the Washington insider of long-standing and revealed aspects of both their personalities.
New Bills introduced in the Lords 20 November 2009 Four Government and 12 Private Members' Bills were introduced in the House of Lords on 19 November.
Fasset has submitted a new occupational qualification for tax practitioners to the Quality Council for Trades and Occupations.
An ice cream man attacked an elderly woman at her front door and then tried to escape while pushing his cart of chilly treats in front of him as he ran away, police said.
``Obama is going off his rocker and should face impeachment,'' says John M. Snyder.
The three-month LME billet contract stabilised on Monday after last week's volatility, which saw official bids fall to $532 per tonne on May 17, before ticking up to $544 on May 19.
Kentucky Wildcats wide receiver Randall Cobb apologized to fans for comments he made on twitter after his team defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks on 16 October.
Rapper Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge in New York, after falling US$106,000 behind in payments.
Strong growth in the emerging markets of Africa, Asia and Latin America helped brewing giant SABMiller beat forecasts with a 19-per-cent rise in annual earnings while Europe and North America proved tougher.
A gunman robbed a jewelry store Sunday night at the Queenstown outlets, leading to a motorcycle chase and a search in the Nesbit Road area, according to police and scanner reports.
A young businessman was jailed yesterday after he was caught twice driving his firm's Transit van while disqualified.
State of Decay has been refused classification in Australia due to its depiction of drug use.
The Azerbaijani Cabinet of Ministers has approved a charter and structure of the open joint stock company ``Azerkosmos'', whose shares are owned by the state, the Cabinet of Ministers said on Friday.
The Chargers traded with Arizona for the sixth pick of the second round to get Te'o, who was this past year's Heisman Trophy runner-up to Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel.
Austin Mahone, better known as the guy to give Justin Bieber a run for his money, has been signed to a brand new label, Chase Records!
Nantucket police are investigating the unattended death of a 32-year-old island man who was discovered Monday morning in a basement apartment off Mary Ann Drive.
South Carolina running back Marcus Lattimore suffered a gruesome knee injury during the second quarter of the Gamecocks' game against Southeastern Conference East rival Tennessee.
Pierre Jackson's double-double against BYU leads Baylor to the NIT final at Madison Square Garden.
The Centre today announced a bravery award for 20-year-old Rukhsana, who killed a top LeT militant in Jammu and Kashmir recently.
Greenpeace protesters shut down 10 to 15 BP stations in London on Tuesday, after the oil company announced its second-quarter results, BP said.
The Central Bank of Azerbaijan calls upon the local banks to correct their risk management strategies, CBA Director General Rashad Orujov said Saturday in Baku at a forum titled ``Risk management in banks in post-crisis period''.
Steelers linebacker James Harrison has been fined US$20,000 for a late hit on Saints quarterback Drew Brees.
The world of wrestling has today remembered Chris Kanyon following his passing yesterday from an apparent overdose of pills.
Quiksilver, Inc. today announced that it plans to issue a press release disclosing fiscal 2011 third quarter financial results after the close of the market on Thursday, September 1, 2011, and will conduct a conference call to review its results at 4:30 pm Eastern time that same day.
Three Criminal Judges have stated that president and chief justice must take responsibility for current crisis.
Feb 29, 2012 - Christian Hackenberg, a top quarterback recruit, has committed to Penn State, according to numerous reports.
The iPads would replace textbooks, which have a seven-year shelf life, said Senate President Pro Tem Tommy Williams, R-Lyons.
Oil pared gains on Friday as weaker-than-expected US pending home sales data for April triggered fresh concerns about the pace of recovery by the world's largest energy consumer and after a softer dollar initially lent support to prices.
Can you figure out where in Canada you are by looking at just a portion of these photos?
Agricultural services group AFGRI announced on Tuesday that it has implemented the Izitsalo Employeee Investments acquisition following its revised broad based black economic empowerment structure.
AP Business Writer Steel maker ArcelorMittal said Wednesday its first-quarter net profit jumped 67 percent thanks to higher sales and the spin-off of its stainless-steel unit.
Sauber driver Kamui Kobayashi is hopefully looking forward to perform well in 2012 British Grand Prix which is to be held at Silverstone Circuit on July 8.
The City of Prince Albert officially opened it's new public transit centre today.
Employees' 10 most 'outrageous' excuses for coming in lateEmployees tend to be extremely creative when it comes to giving excuses for being late for work, researchers say.
Kuwaiti Ambassador to Yemen Fahad Al-Mai'e encouraged Kuwaiti investments in Yemen as part of bilateral cooperation that would bring benefits to both countries.
Eddie Ahern will appeal the 10-year disqualification imposed on him by the British Horseracing Authority following the conclusion of a corruption hearing.
Cranston is holding a homecoming for the newly crowned Miss USA at which she will be presented a key to the city.
An accident this morning on southbound Highway 41 south of Shields Avenue has snarled traffic all the way back to Bullard Avenue, the California Highway Patrol is reporting.
State police say they responded to 328 accidents, 42 involving injuries, during the major snowstorm that hit Connecticut on Friday.
Discovery landed at its home port in Florida on Saturday afternoon, ending a 13-day mission that left the international space station with all its solar wings.
WASHINGTON >> Home prices rose in nearly all major US cities in April from March, further evidence that the housing market is slowly improving even while the job market slumps.
Republican businessman Gabriel Gomez told Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick that he would not run in the US Senate special election if Patrick appointed him as an interim senator to fill the seat vacated by Secretary of State John Kerry.
A FedEx cargo plane en route from China crashed in high winds and exploded in a ball of flames on Monday at Tokyo's Narita airport, killing both pilots, according to Japanese hospital officials.
A Schuyler Lake man was arrested for DWI Friday night but in this case police say he also resisted arrest.
A Pakistani was charged with the murder of a real estate agent in Ara Damansara last month, at the magistrates' court here yesterday.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. is is celebrating International Museum Day this Saturday, May 18, in partnership with DISCOVERY Children's Museum.
Dutch construction company Royal Bam Group intends to raise EUR249 million in a rights issue, announced in a press release Monday.
The second pedestrian struck by a vehicle in Rancho San Diego Monday night has died, the Medical Examiner's Office said.
Philadelphia Flyers forward Jakub Voracek was involved in a car crash in his hometown of Kladno at 11:30 am, local time.
Mavericks swingman Josh Howard -- who has played only three games this season and sat out the past 13 in a bumpy recovery from offseason ankle surgery -- will make his return to the lineup Tuesday night against the Phoenix Suns, coach Rick Carlisle confirmed to ESPNDallas.com.
China may allow foreign firms with investments inside the country to list domestically, as part of efforts to boost trader confidence during the global downturn, an official said on Thursday.
Jimmy Buffett may have helped get 250 portable generators hung up in customs to earthquake ravaged Haiti.
Epsom will be lit up for the festive season when its Christmas lights are switched on during two entertainment-packed events next week.
I am hoping that you would feel free to post when you think QE will end and Securitization of ponzi real estate will begin.
A 47-year-old man died at the RCMP detachment in Gleichen after being arrested Wednesday night for causing a drunken disturbance at the hospital in Vulcan, 110 kilometres southeast of Calgary.
Two Indonesian warships are currently patrolling waters near maritime borders with Timor-Leste, where the political and security situation became destabilized after assassination attempts on the president and prime minister, a naval official said.
Jets coach Rex Ryan says he considered benching quarterback Mark Sanchez during the team's 10-6 loss to the Dolphins on Sunday.
By Phil Seery Last updated: 9th March 2011 Real Madrid star Kaka has suffered a knee setback which will keep him out for a further fortnight.
Shashi Tharoor, The Minister of State for Human Resource Development, answers your questions on a Google Hangout on Indian education.
Office Depot Inc. on Tuesday swung to an unexpected first-quarter loss, hurt by disappointing sales as recovery in the US job market remains uneven.
Actor Jackky Bhagnani says that director Sanjay Gadhvi used his invisible whip to extract performances from the cast of ``Ajab Gazabb Love''.
A San Angelo woman was arrested on a felony drug charge during a routine traffic stop, according to a police news release.
Levon Helm, the long-time Hudson Valley resident, Grammy winner and member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, will undergo a medical procedure that will prevent him from performing at several of his upcoming Midnight Ramble house concerts in Ulster County.
John Travolta appeared on Monday night's Dancing with the Stars to offer his advice to Kirstie Alley.
Morgan Freeman was discharged on Thursday from a Tennessee hospital after the Oscar-winning actor was treated for broken bones and other injuries sustained in a weekend car crash in Mississippi.
Senator Hillary Clinton is reaching out to Arkansas voters this election eve.
THE rapid rise of Ajmal Shahzad from drinks carrier into an Ashes contender was confirmed yesterday when he was named for this week's first Test against Pakistan at Trent Bridge.
Paul McAnulty added a home run and drove in two runs.
The first round of budget negotiations between Democratic and Republican lawmakers got a slow start Wednesday with less than a week to go before the state's current spending plan expires.
The Montgomery Zoo received accreditation by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums last week.
Collingwood coach Mick Malthouse has apologised to the AFL executive after launching an extraordinary attack on it over the weekend.
by KING 5 News Beginning at 5 am Saturday, the Alaskan Way Viaduct will close for the weekend between the West Seattle Bridge and the Battery Street Tunnel.
SHEBOYGAN, Wis. -The barrels are back on I-43 again.
Eurostar and Seb Coe welcomed hundreds of European Olympic fans and athletes to London to mark 'One year to Go' to the start of the London 2012 Olympic Games.
BNP Chairperson and opposition leader Khaleda Zia left here for Saudi Arabia this morning to perform Umrah in Makkah at the invitation of the Saudi King.
Average council tax bills for homes in England will fall slightly this year, a survey suggests.
Georgia DOT will suspend construction-related lane closures on all interstates and major state routes from 5 am, Wednesday, Nov. 25, until midnight, Sunday, Nov. 29, to accommodate travelers.
North Korea condemned Taiwan for attempting to join the United Nations, saying Saturday that the move would escalate tensions in the region.
LoyaltyOne Inc., a global provider of loyalty strategy and programs, customer analytics and relationship marketing services, has taken its sustainability efforts and successes ONE Step Further by launching its second public Accountability Report.
This month, she's on the cover of Cosmopolitan -- looking nothing short of gorgeous, and she told Ellen about loving her body exactly the way it is.
Russia launched a rocket with a US telecommunications satellite from the Baikonur Space Centre in Kazakhstan, RIA Novosti news agency said quoting the Russian Space Agency Roscosmos on Tuesday.
Another plane has crashed in St. Charles Parish, a day after a small plane crash killed two people in the town of Ama.
ProQuest, a Cambridge Information Group company, has acquired RefWorks LLC, a leading provider of web-based research management, writing and collaboration services for the academic and research communities.
Sicap enables call centre agents to significantly reduce OPEX and gain efficiency with its combination of Device Management, or ``DM,'' tools.
Fans of A Christmas Carol will recall that the story ends with a slap-up dinner at the Cratchit household, a half-circle around the hearth and the salutation: ``God bless us every one!'' from the crippled-but-plucky Tiny Tim. Modern-day parishioners of the Bishop of London, Richard Chartres, know that his usual Christmas card salutation is ``Health, prosperity and settled hearts.''
The filing deadline for candidates seeking office via the August primary and November general elections is less than four hours away, but local media are told that at least one more candidate for Boone County office is set to file around 3 pm today.
Michele Bachmann is reminding Republican caucus voters of her Iowa roots and stiff stands in Washington in her first and only TV ad aired in the run-up to Tuesday's caucuses.
Former president Bill Clinton speaks to the Democratic National Convention tonight and introduces President Barack Obama's name for nomination.
Poison singer Bret Michaels made it to Sunday's live finale and won the title of ``Celebrity Apprentice'', beating out actress Holly Robinson Peete.
Vp Plc., the equipment rental specialist, reiterated its overall business has made a good start to the new year.
James DePreist, one of the first African-American conductors and a National Medal of Arts winner, died Friday at his home in Scottsdale, Ariz., his manager Jason Bagdade said.
THE Police Federation has summoned its members to an emergency meeting tomorrow at the Police Academy in St Catherine to discuss the ongoing impasse with the Government over retroactive payments, and decide their next move.
At 120 metres long the UK's longest snowflex Supertube has opened at the Festival Park just outside Ebbw Vale.
Nintendo's Wii Fit has officially launched today.
The UK Border Agency has confirmed that from 25 November 2008, it will begin issuing identity cards to foreign nationals applying for further leave to remain in the country.
In a new twist to the controversy over the Kochi team, its owner Rendezvous Sports alleged that IPL Commisioner Lalit Modi had offered a USD 50 million bribe to them to withdraw from the race.
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray would surrender in Kalyan Railway court on Monday in connection with case related to attack on north Indians.
The Philippines won its first investment-grade credit rating on Wednesday in a move President Benigno Aquino hailed as proof his country was no longer Asia's economic backwater.
Spanish flag carrier Iberia, which is to merge with British Airways, flew back into the black in the second quarter, posting net profits of 31 millions euros on an upturn in demand, it said on Friday.
A Coos Bay woman died in a fiery crash off a bridge Tuesday afternoon.
Robert J. Lefkowitz of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Duke University Medical Center and Brian K. Kobilka of Stanford University School of Medicine have won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for studies of g-protein-coupled receptors, key for communication between eukaryotic cells and the outside world.
The existence of Bugis temporary dump site located on Jl Bugis, Kebonbawang, Tanjungpriok, North Jakarta, was complained by the residents because of its bad odor.
President Barack Obama says he will hold a wide-ranging jobs summit in December, to discuss ways to put more people to work.
A $177 million Northern Colorado land portfolio that hit the national market in February has been reconfigured with a new price tag to cater to interested buyers.
Google released a new note taking web app and Android app called Google Keep to take on long-standing note champ Evernote.
Kate Middleton, Prince William's long-time girlfriend, has a new job with British photographer Mario Testino.
Nicklas Lidstrom is coming back for a 20th season with the Detroit Red Wings, agreeing to a one-year deal worth $6.2 million.
Anthony Sowell, 50, is being held without bond after investigators recovered 10 bodies and a skull at his Cleveland, Ohio home.
Bologna fired Daniele Arrigoni on Monday and hired Sinisa Mihajlovic as the club's new coach.
The Wildcats won their second consecutive sectional title Wednesday, taking advantage of three key Lake errors, three runs from Melissa Busdeker and yet another great outing in the circle from Elishia Stone for a 4-1 victory.
Wall Street headed for a slightly lower open Friday ahead of economic reports on durable goods, new home sales, and consumer sentiment.
A study by researchers in the West Virginia University School of Medicine, Tufts University and Stanford University shows that exercise and diet improve cholesterol in overweight and obese adults.
Darren Bent has admitted that he won't celebrate if he scores against his former club Sunderland in the English Premier League.
Letchworth under-15s upset the odds to lift the county cup in a dramatic final against holders Old Albanians.
Comarch has opened a data centre in Frankfurt in collaboration with e-shelter, a German company that designs, builds, and operates high-availability data centres.
A man faces federal charges after police say he was selling pirated DVDs in the parking lot of a Wichita Quik Trip.
She's a model, TV host, producer and a fashion designer, but Heidi Klum has taken on a new role: tooth fairy!
Ghaziabad, May 24 A man was abducted and shot dead in Ghaziabad, police said Monday.
NRL supremo David Gallop will visit Mackay in November as the CQ Bid gathers steam in its efforts to have a new NRL team established in Rockhampton.
Reid said Monday that he would keep senators in town through the weekend in order to complete work on measures with approaching deadlines.
Health staff unwilling to introduce quality improvement measures might ``ship out'' if told to grow up, Richard Thomson says.
Police say a truck driver got himself in big trouble when he didn't stop after causing an accident.
Jeremy Piven has revealed that John Malkovich scared him into thinking he would not be prepared to handle his new Broadway role.
The Government has said the horsemeat scandal may be the result of a widespread criminal conspiracy, which could involve gangs abroad.
The Buffalo Bill/Western history gallery closed Monday, Oct. 3, to make way for an extensive renovation project.
Zimbabwean police arrested Energy and Power Development Minister Elton Mangoma, Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai said.
With the introduction of the new MacBook Pros and Thunderbolt, otherwise known as Light Peak, Apple has also released the first developer preview of Mac OS X Lion entailing features that were not seen last year when Cupertino gave a demo of the product in it's beginning stages.
India will host the next International Renewable Energy Conference during October 27-29, 2010 at New Delhi.
South Africa is about to lift a 13-year ban on elephant culling, as the animal's population rises and encroaches on areas where people live.
US energy firm Chevron is selling three more Nigerian oil blocks, the company said on Tuesday, taking to five the number of assets it is selling in Africa's biggest oil producer.
President Obama signed the small business loan bill today.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart are 2 great actors and despite the fact that Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart have denied their relationship they were caught kissing one more time.Once again Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart were caught kissing ...?
That is why she is able to flaunt such a fabulous body and she has decided to release her fitness DVD like Shilpa Shetty and Bipasha Basu.
A Texas teenager who died on Christmas Day of a congenital heart condition continues to touch thousands of people around the world through YouTube.
New Jersey sex offenders are now required to take lie detector tests to ensure they are obeying the terms of their parole.
The Sault Ste. Marie Airport Development Corporation is pleased to announce that Sunwing has extended their winter season flights for Sault Ste. Marie.
Pope Benedict XVI delivered his traditional Christmas Day blessing Friday, looking tired and unsteady but otherwise fine hours after being knocked down by a woman who jumped the barrier at the start of Mass in St. Peter's Basilica.
WESTPAC and ANZ say they are also reviewing interest rates after rival CBA flagged a rise in its home loan rates.
Police have expressed their concern at the prevalence of a ``knife culture'' in Melbourne that saw ten people stabbed over the weekend including two teenagers and a woman.
A flash flood watch was issued on Tuesday for the Upstate of South Carolina , portions of northeast Georgia and western North Carolina as a thick band of rain moved in from the south and west.
Fuller's Carwash & Detail Center in Orland Park, Ill., is adding a 140-foot express carwash tunnel to satisfy customers who want faster service, according to a report by the Southtown Star.
Iran has dug mass graves in which to bury US troops in case of any American attack on the country, a commander of the elite Revolutionary Guard said Tuesday, warning that a military strike would spark an ''extensive war'' in the region.
BBC executive Alan Yentob has hit back at the corporation's critics over expenses - and told the Government to stop meddling in its affairs.
State officials said the jobless rate dropped to 14.7 percent in November from a national high of 15.1 percent in October.
MDMK leader Vaiko was arrested near here Wednesday when he was on his way to take part in a protest to block roads leading to Kerala against its stand on the Mullaperiyar Dam over which it is locked in a bitter dispute with Tamil Nadu.
Gold held near $1,710 an ounce on Tuesday, little changed from the previous session, ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting where policymakers are expected to announce more potentially bullion-supportive stimulus measures.
CANANDAIGUA, NY A teacher has been accused of having sex with a 17-year-old student at Canandaigua Academy, a small-town school in western New York.
Programme sellers at Southampton Football Club claim they have been sacked and replaced with agency staff.
The Yankees will rename their spring training home Steinbrenner Field in honor of the man who has owned the team since 1973.
Just like Will Smith and Tupac, Rap star Drake has revealed that he would like to become an actor in the near future.
TMZ has obtained the 911 call made by Peter Fonda last week when he found a dead body in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles.
UnitedHealthcare, a UnitedHealth Group /quotes/zigman/258846/quotes/nls/unh UNH -0.05% company, has agreed to acquire XLHealth Corp., a sponsor of Medicare Advantage health plans with a primary focus on Medicare recipients with special needs, such as those with chronic illness, and those also eligible for Medicaid.
US-Yemeni radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki has called for the killing of Americans ``without hesitation,'' in a video message posted on jihadist websites, US monitoring group SITE said on Monday.
Yakimov made it four wins on the trot with the minimum of fuss when making his debut for trainer Ollie Pears in the claimer at Southwell.
US computer maker Dell Inc. announced today it will slash its Irish work force and shift its European manufacturing operations to Poland in a move certain to undermine Ireland's recession-hit economy.
However, Fadi Ibrahim, 35, has been refused bail, with a magistrate ruling that the protection of the community and witnesses in the case were paramount.
Political parties on Tuesday condemned the terror attack on the CRPF camp in Rampur and called for drastic steps to nab the culprits at the earliest.
Sepultura has posted a new song entitled, ``Coquinho'' online for free download.
Advanta Corp, a small business credit card lender, on Sunday said it filed for bankruptcy protection after the economic crisis over the last two years devastated its small business customers.
most recently, Impress has invested in a brand new, advanced digital printer meaning that their customers can now experience an additional service whilst continuing to receive excellent prices.
With the third classificatory place in Cali, Colombia, achieved by the taekwondo pactitioner Mirna Echeverría, Cuba already has 106 tickets for the Olympic Games Beijing 2008.
Four children, including three pre-teens, were charged Friday with burglary after the victim saw the suspects toting off her property, authorities said.
More challengers have come out of the woodwork to say they have the largest maple leaf in the world.
European firms face a ``mass employee exodus'' over the next three years as the economy in the euro zone recovers and workers search for better opportunities, new research has found.
Tight end prospect Jimmy Graham has several visits lined up with NFL clubs including the Dolphins and Lions, according to the Sun-Sentinel.
The afternoon match of Montreal's Rogers Cup Canadian Women's Tennis Championship has been delayed because of rain.
The public has little confidence in journalism and the media needs to lift its game, says Australian Press Council chairman Julian Disney.
Even as the government and regulators are grappling with Satyam fraud, industry body Assocham on Sunday said majority of corporates violate some clause or other of the listing agreement.
The NASCAR Now roundtable discusses what it will take this year to win the Chase
The budget deficit is set to fall to 3.5% next year, down from 6% this year, the Financieele Dagblad reports on Thursday, without quoting direct sources.
Edward has previously spoken about his and Brad's love of the British band, saying: ``Brad and I had a mutual fixation on the second two Radiohead albums.''
Engineering group Foster Wheeler has clinched another Sasol contract, this time for the engineering, procurement and construction management of its Fischer-Tropsch Wax Expansion Project at Sasolburg.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador -FIFA suspended El Salvador from all international competition Tuesday after its government refused to recognize the authorities set up to run soccer in the Central American country.
With the turn of the calendar page, summer camp season officially starts next week.
Hollywood actress Olivia Newton John has been accused of reneging a property deal by a couple, who have filed a lawsuit against her.
In fact, porn publisher Larry Flynt will pay $1 million to get dirt on Mitt Romney.
Lucknow, June 26 BJP president Rajnath Singh said here Wednesday that Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi never claimed rescuing 15,000 people from disaster-hit Uttarakhand.
A job fair was held in Monterey on Monday.
While it may be open to debate whether men or women are generally safer drivers, men over age 45 are much more likely to crash on icy and snowy roads, according to a new study.
Air France-KLM said its losses mounted sharply in the first quarter compared with a year earlier, when earnings were boosted by a gain in the value of oil price hedging contracts the airline uses to manage its fuel costs.
The Government has procured 161 ambulances at the cost of 10 million Euros for the establishment of the National Ambulance Service, Mr. Alban Bagbin, Minister of Health, said at the weekend.
Sony Pictures Entertainment has revealed that they are in the process of cutting around 450 jobs in their operations.
New Delhi, Mar 21 A 35-year-old BJP worker attempted to commit suicide here this evening apparently due to family problems, police said.
Springbok coach Heyneke Meyer has defended his conservative selections ahead of Saturday's Test against the All Blacks in Dunedin.
President Shimon Peres on Sunday, February 20, 2012 made an official visit to Nazareth and held a story hour with fifth graders at the city library.
``Monetary policy will continue to be appropriately tight until we see a more benign outlook and manageable inflation expectations,'' governor Amando Tetangco said in a mobile text message to reporters.
The Hiram College women's basketball team was defeated by Oberlin College, 63-44, tonight in a North Coast Athletic Conference game at Philips Gymnasium in Oberlin.
Katie Holmes thinks she can dance and in a few weeks she'll be displaying her moves for all the world to see.
A former US Navy sailor from Hampton was convicted in federal court Monday on charges that he arranged fraudulent marriages between shipmates on the USS Kearsarge and illegal immigrants.
Dario Franchitti has captured the pole for IndyCar at Homestead, and Australian Will Power came in third.
From a congressional vote on student loans to a new exhibit on campus, 2 News Today has 5 things you need to know for Monday, May 7.
The space agency of United States, NASA was extremely elated when the space shuttle Atlantis linked up with the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope safely and successfully yesterday.
It's being reported that Jr lightweight contender Eloy Perez has tested positive for cocaine.
Taiwan and China, enemies since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949, will launch direct sea links, postal links and daily charter flights on Monday.
Novell on August 19 announced WorkloadIQ -- the company's differentiated approach to lead and enable the rapidly growing intelligent workload management market.
Actress Olivia Wilde says she credits her marriage split for making her a 'better actress' because the emotional turmoil has made her more compassionate.
TNSM leadership and Taliban had differences over Shariah implementation and the former had been receiving threats, NWFP Information Minister Mian Ifitkhar Hussain said Saturday, following death of two TNSM leaders in an attack by militants.
Ridewell has announced it is opening a Canadian warehouse in Hamilton which will shorten lead times, reduce freight costs and eliminate the hassle of filing paperwork associated with importing for its Canadian customers.
Pop star Kylie Minogue received a warm welcome from her new beau Andres Velencoso's family when she met them recently.
Jim Edmonds announced in a statement Friday that he has decided to retire from baseball.
WASHINGTON Former presidential candidate John Edwards says he'd take a paternity test to prove he didn't father a child with a woman he had an affair with.
Bollington, a UK-based commercial and personal insurance broker, has appointed Andrew McKellar to its underwriting division as senior motor underwriter to become an affinity intermediary in the UK.
By an overwhelming 260-124 margin, Milton residents voted against a referendum that would've allowed the town to pursue up to $3.45 million in borrowed funds for water-system upgrades -- an elevated storage tank, treatment facility, water mains and wells.
Republican presidential candidate Thad McCotter on Thursday opened his national campaign headquarters in the Detroit suburb of Plymouth.
A fuel spill in the Don River near Eglinton Avenue East has been contained, although it will likely take the better part of the day to clean it up, according to Toronto Fire Services.
Florida US Senator-elect Marco Rubio is preparing for his swearing in ceremony at the US Senate.
A Lyndhurst woman, 21, was arrested for domestic violence after she struck her grandfather while she was intoxicated Friday at his home.
A Manitoba judge at the centre of a sex scandal says the lawsuit against her should be dismissed.
Investment fund Fidelity did not place a stake in Italian oil service group Saipem, a spokesman for Fidelity said on Wednesday.
New Zealand Sevens Coach Gordon Tietjens received the ultimate rugby honour this morning after being inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame, the first Sevens Coach recognised this way.
The president of the National Union of Students has said that violent demonstrators need to be excluded from future protests after Thursday's violent clashes in London.
GE Capital on Thursday said it is expanding its leasing business in India and aiming for exponential increase in leasing business volume in 2012 by entering into new leasing asset areas and expanding its existing presence in the automotive and equipment leasing for corporate organisations.
A domestic abuse complaint sparked the evacuation of some tenants in a downtown apartment complex Sunday after responding police said they found a suspected illicit drug lab in a bedroom, Winooski police and fire officials reported.
CARLTON goalsneak Eddie Betts will have a precautionary scan today after straining a hamstring against Adelaide on Saturday.
Italian producer Dino De Laurentiis, who produced over 500 films throughout his robust career, died last night at the age of 91.
A Des Plaines man was fatally shot Friday night in what police describe as a dispute between rival gang members, Des Plaines police confirmed.
Mexican authorities have discovered 219 migrants squeezed into a trailer truck in the southern state of Chiapas.
Two thirds of tenants living in privately renter housing believe that they will be unlikely to buy their own home with in nth next five years.
Former Director, ICRIER, Rajiv Kumar who joined FICCI as Director General on Wednesday.
Former Gov. Louie B. Nunn accused his son, Steve, of abusing him and other family members, including Steve's first wife, and threatened to have him arrested if the abuse continued, according to a letter placed in a court file in 1995.
MultiCell Technologies, Inc. announced today that it has been granted a European patent covering certain of its therapeutic candidates for the treatment of cancer.
Canada posted a surprise trade surplus in November for the second time in three months, as shipments of energy products, cars and precious metals drove exports to the highest level in nearly three years and imports dropped.
A major 7.9 earthquake hit the sea area east of the Philippines on Friday and a tsunami warning was issued for the Philippines, Indonesia, Taiwan and Japan, US seismologists said, cited by AFP.
The US government could review visa applications of baseball players merely suspected of doping, a spokesman for the US embassy in this Caribbean nation said Wednesday.
Gem Diamonds has found a 185 carat rough white diamond at the Letšeng mine in Lesotho.
New London voters Tuesday approved a $14.6 million bond issue to build a new football stadium and other buildings and renovations at West Rusk High School.
Gov. Bobby Jindal has declared a state of emergency for the state of Louisiana as Tropical Storm Debby approaches the coast.
LEADING Rome fashion designer Fausto Sarli, who made dresses worn by Elizabeth Taylor, Monica Bellucci and Carla Bruni, died in hospital in the Italian capital on Thursday.
As the Democrats meet for their convention and make the pitch to the American people for even more government, the national debt has now topped $16 trillion.
Silver prices plunged by Rs 274 or 0.98 per cent to Rs 27,690 per kg in futures market on offloading by speculators after a weakening global trend.
Stone Sour have confirmed full details of their new album 'House Of Gold & Bones Part 1' and have also announced a brand new set of UK tour dates.
Robert Pattinson shoots his new romantic drama, Remember Me, outside of New York University in New York City.
Minimum temperature fell sharply by about three degrees Celsius in most parts of Punjab and Haryana today as the mercury slipped below normal in the region aggravating cold conditions in the plains.
Benchmark crude for July delivery fell nearly 3 percent, or $2.07, to $69.97 a barrel on Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange as the dollar gained strength.
Turkmen President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov has reprimanded heads of a number of Ashgabat districts ``for weakening control over improvement and cleaning of territories within districts under their supervision.''
Information reaching the Daily Guide newspaper from Sankore in the Asunafo South District of the Brong Ahafo Region indicates that a man believed to be in his 40s has shot himself.
For a sequence in his upcoming film Rockstar, actor Ranbir Kapoor visited a red light area and serenaded the sex workers with his song and guitar playing.
The euro zone's economic recovery slowed in March, according to a survey of purchasing managers at manufacturers and service providers.
Iran successfully fired a home-built satellite rocket, Kavoshgar 3, carrying an ``experimental capsule,'' state-owned Al-Alam television reported today.
Eastman Chemical Co. is expanding CHDM capacity by 25 percent at its Kingsport site.
A NORTH East ecologist is putting some bite into his business, with the launch of new reptile training courses.
and 10-year-old Little League baseball tournament Saturday in Brewton for Brewton and Escambia County's all stars, Escambia County edged out Brewton 7-5.
Raven Symone has been outed as a lesbian by a national US magazine, and is said to be dating one of Tyra Banks friends and contestant on America's Next Top Model.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Wednesday said Pakistan desires a genuine interaction with India in order to maintain cooperative relations.
07:06 PM,Jun 24,2012 Chandigarh, June 24 Torrid heatwave swept Punjab and Haryana today with the maximum temperature settling upto five notches above normal at some places in the two states.
Despite their fondness for PDAs, Matt Smith is said to have dumped girlfriend Daisy Lowe after 18 months together.
Mobile chip manufacturers Qualcomm suggest that mobile phone devices will be able to accommodate Xbox 360 & PS3 quality graphics by 2013.
The power of positive thinking paid off for Holyoke, which won its first high school golf match this season, a 258-265 verdict Thursday over Chicopee Comprehensive.
Chevron Corp. is raising its quarterly dividend by 4.6 percent to 68 cents a share from 65 cents a share.
An accountant has been convicted for his role in a $40 million Ponzi scheme that defrauded investors in North Carolina, Virginia and Ohio.
Mozambique declared a state of emergency to help citizens fleeing attacks against foreigners in South Africa, warning on Friday that the ``exodus will worsen'' as thousands are still housed in makeshift camps awaiting transport back home.
Lille will look to get their bid for a finish in Ligue 1's European positions back on track when they take on mid-table Nice at the Stade Metropole tomorrow.
The US dollar continued to lose ground against the euro in Asian trade yesterday as signs of an improvement in the ailing US economy encouraged traders to take more risk.
The court in Amsterdam has ruled that Morgan the Orca will have to stay in the Netherlands for the time being.
Sri Lanka will revert to their original plan as the opener Tillakaratne Dilshan has regained full fitness before the first cricket test against India starting today in Ahmedabad.
The earnings link which gives Irish public service pensioners the same payment increases as the current occupiers of their pre-retirement positions, was worth €1.8bn in 2006-2011, according to IBEC, the employers' body.
It's decision day in Edo State today, as about 1.6 million voters file out to determine who will govern the state in the next four years.
Two women charged in connection with the starvation death of a 4-year-old boy may plead guilty Tuesday if they can avoid the death penalty, court officials said.
A winter weather advisory was extended until midnight for Warren and Saratoga counties.
The Samaria Gorge on the island of Crete on Thursday opened for visitors at its southern entrance at Aghia Roumeli for the first two kilometres of its length.
Actel Corporation today announced it received a coveted supplier award from Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, a prime contractor on many of Japan's most important space programs.
A RENTON pensioner has lost a four figure sum of cash after falling prey to a foreign lottery scam.
Chemicals maker DuPont Co said it would cut another 2,000 jobs as part of its cost-cutting plan and take a $340 million to $390 million charge in the second quarter.
An IDF officer with the rank of a major from Southern Command is suspected of heading a drug ring in southern Israel.
Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean is set to marry in December after postponing his wedding following his stint in rehab earlier this year.
A British cultural organization accused Russian authorities on Wednesday of harassing its staff and said it had temporarily closed its offices in St. Petersburg.
Sudan and South Sudan have reached a deal on border security and oil production that will allow oil exports from South Sudan through Sudan to resume.
Community groups have backed a proposed NSW human rights bill that seeks to guarantee a range of rights and freedoms for every citizen.
A federal grand jury has indicted three people for their alleged roles in the robbery of an Albertville bank.
Taliban has freed four local advisers out of seven abducted a week ago from Mamond Agency.
PIXIE Lott is heading for Hollywood and she's taking her dad with her.
A Centralia man was injured in a two car crash at Kell and Maple Streets in Centralia early Monday night.
A SUNY New Paltz police officer will be honored tonight at the annual Police Chiefs Association of Ulster County for saving a student's life last year.
The euro touched near one month highs against the dollar yesterday helping to lift sterling to three month highs against the US dollar despite the weaker than expected labour statistics and dovish BoE minutes.
West Lafayette police are investigating a report of rape, according to an email sent out by the University.
Federal Minister for overseas Pakistanis Dr. Farooq Sattar has stated that youth of our country possesses all the capabilities to build a prosperous future of Pakistan.
Utah Congressman Jim Matheson is co-sponsoring new legislation aimed at saving pet owners money.
The Venezuelan economy shrank by 5.8% in the last three months of 2009 compared with year earlier, the country's central bank has announced.
Bills WR David Nelson did more at practice Tuesday and RT Erik Pears saw his most extensive work in over a week.
A probe into a fatal crash that killed a Sault Ste. Marie woman in Michigan continues.
Jennifer Jason Leigh will be lighting up ``Weeds'' next season.
Two dead whales that washed up on shore in the Netherlands exploded when people tried to dispose of them.
R&B singer Rihanna has defended a music video that shows her gunning down a man, saying it is a message of empowerment for girls.
Dog owners need to step up and take more responsibility for their pets in order to prevent attacks, says Local Government Minister Rodney Hide.
India's home minister P Chidambaram held a detailed review of the ongoing anti-Maoist operations in Jharkhand on Friday.
A Ponte Vedra Beach father is accused of molesting his 9-year-old daughter at a Selena Gomez concert.
US post rock/metal ensemble ISIS will play dates in both Cork and Dublin this Ocotober.
The UK government Friday confirmed it plans to abolish the Audit Commission in a move it says will decentralize power as well as save GBP50 million a year.
The Oakland Raiders have promoted offensive line coach Tom Cable to interim head coach.
Lindsay Lohan admits she was ``irresponsible,'' but now she's better and will do what it takes to get her career back.
Interim boss Koopman has more or less kept faith with the same group since taking over earlier this season, but made changes for the midweek KNVB Beker match against Willem II.
Duke Energy, an energy utilities company engaged in electricity, gas and commercial power, has appointed Ginny Mackin as senior vice president and chief communications officer.
Hotel guests in Abu Dhabi increased 16% in the first 11 months of the year to 1,903,888, according to reports.
Missouri City police investigated a burglary, a report of vandalism and a theft on Monday.
Conservative activist Paul Weyrich, who coined the phrase ``moral majority'' and helped turn social conservatives into a powerful force in the Republican Party, died today.
Six people died in separate incidents in different parts of the city on Wednesday.
The US Minerals Management Service reports that personnel are still evacuated from 71 production platforms in the US Gulf of Mexico following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, a number that has remained unchanged since last week.
Martin Kaymer held on to win the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship by four strokes Sunday despite struggling to a 2-over 74.
An inspired David Villa scored one sublime goal and created another for Andres Iniesta as European champions Spain beat 10-man Chile 2-1 and advanced to the last 16 of the World Cup on Friday.
Rezidor opened four new hotels with close to 1,000 rooms, and contracted six new hotels with over 1,400 rooms, in the first quarter.
Most US and foreign corporations avoid paying income taxes despite sales they are making.
MuleSoft, the Web Middleware Company, today announced Cloudcat, the industry's first cloud service offering of Apache Tomcat.
Freddie Mac reports that mortgage rates hit another record low of 4.57% on a 30 year fixed home loan last week.
Several Chattanooga-area players will be in the field when the 2008 Chattanooga Classic opens Thursday at the Black Creek Club.
LINLITHGOW is officially the most beautiful town in Scotland after a national award winning week for the town.
How I Changed My Ways and Lost What Weighed Me Down, won't be released until January 10th, 2012, however, the inimitable Michael Musto, columnist for The Village Voice, who has apparently already read, or is currently reading the book, writes on The Village Voice's website today that, in her book, Jennifer Hudson reveals that she was offered the lead role in Lee Daniels' Precious, but turned it down!
Philippine share prices rose 2.58% on Monday as investors snapped up bargain stocks after sharp gains on Wall Street and a decline in world oil prices.
QuintessenceLabs, the leader in quantum communications technology for networking, communications, national security and defence, announces partnership with Lockheed Martin Corporation to develop applications of Quantum Key Distribution for markets in Australia and the United States.
Fifa has ruled out using extra match officials during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa next summer.
A former Texas minister is sentenced to 65 years in prison for killing his wife and trying to cover it up as a suicide.
The late civil rights leader Richard Chavez was remembered Sunday with an overnight vigil in the South Valley.
EU Finance ministers backed new rules for hedge funds and private equity groups on Tuesday, spelling defeat for Britain's new coalition government at its first European Union meeting.
A Gate City man was arrested Tuesday and charged with unlawful entry and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Wales make three changes from the side which beat England at Twickenham when Scotland visit the Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
A Christchurch surfer had to be rescued today after a rip swept him out to sea during a surfing competition in Dunedin, police said.
An Orange County deputy was injured Tuesday morning after responding to a fight between a man and woman.
Noida authority on Wednesday sealed two premises at sector 34 in Noida for running commercial activities in the residential area, officials said.
Donald Trump has admitted he wants Lindsay Lohan...for ``Celebrity Apprentice'' in the fall of this year, according to the New York Post.
Cheryl Cole has moved out of her marital home in Surrey because of speculation about her husband Ashley.
The Government will target uninsured drivers and improve skills among the young as it attempts to cut soaring insurance costs.
Indian shares slipped 0.2 percent in narrow trade on Tuesday, as investors held back from taking positions ahead of companies' quarterly results that start next week, amid concerns in overseas markets of another global recession.
Millsaps Tuesday announced an acting president to serve from mid-August until the next president is chosen.
President Obama signed into law an $858 billion tax bill Friday that extends tax cuts and unemployment insurance benefits throughout next year.
After donning the hats of actor, director, producer and TV presenter, south star Prakash Raj is turning scriptwriter.
A large brush fire is burning near Buckeye and officials say it's grown to nearly 200 acres.
Cardinal Marc Ouellet said he was ``relieved'' he wasn't chosen Pope by his fellow Cardinals during this week's conclave.
The Parliament has passed the request to extend the permission to conduct military operations in Northern Iraq against the Kurdish Workers Party guerillas for one more year.
New Delhi/ Ghaziabad, August 14 BJP today slammed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his reply to social activist Anna Hazare over indefinite fast permission.
Australian electricity distributors CitiPower and Powercor Australia have rapidly expanded use of HP Quality Centre for testing business applications used to deliver energy supplies to customers across Victoria, according to the companies' CSA assurance team leader, Fiona Hocking.
Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca is to sell its dental unit Astra Tech for £1.1bn to rival US implant company Dentsply.
We Americans fear the reelection of Barack Obama more than anything else we can imagine.
Canberra-based sprinter Heath Francis has claimed another gold on the track for Australia at the Paralympics in the 400 metre arm amputee class.
Pakistan is likely to import vegetables from India due to shortage caused by rains and floods in Sindh, a market representative said on Saturday.
A train tragedy was averted near Mandi Gobindgarh railway station in this district today, after a railway employee noticed a breach on the railway line.
Actor Johnny Depp surprised his fans at a special advance screening of his film 'The Lone Ranger' in Oklahoma.
Two very short priced favorites proved victorious in the brace of eliminations for the Joseph Carney Memorial Trot at Rockingham Park on Sunday and will move on to the race's $50,000 Final at The Rock one week later.
Keith Caputo, singer with soon-to-be-defunct metal outfit Life of Agony, has revealed he is to undergo gender reassignment surgery.
The Minnesota State Historical Society says the 26 museums and historic sites will reopen to the public on Saturday now that the state budget impasse has been resolved.
Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen will return to the sets of comedy show 'Two and a Half Men' after he completes his stint in rehab for a cocaine and alcohol problem.
European entrepreneurs have a tough time accepting failure.
Lamar Hunt family enter senior housing markets with four new assisted living developments in Missouri.
A 35-year-old South Hadley man was arrested on Tuesday for the alleged armed robbery of a Holyoke liquor store.
France and Brazil on Saturday presented a joint document -- a ``climate bible'' -- which urges countries, and the United States and China in particular, to make significant concessions at next month's UN climate conference in Copenhagen.
Health care benefits scaled back for future part-time Wal-Mart employees.
French mobile and broadband operator SFR has launched the BlackBerry Torch 9810, the upgrade of the 9800 model running BlackBerry OS 7, reports Echos du Net.
Hendersonville's WTZQ 1600 AM will broadcast prep football games this fall and is considering broadcasting prep basketball games in the winter.
AP National Video The Chiba Lotte Marines defeated the Chunichi Dragons 8-7 Sunday to win the Japan Series in seven games.
The Wisconsin Senate has approved a ban on sending text messages while driving -- but they reduced the penalties the Assembly wanted to impose.
Animal authorities in Wales said a 6-foot-tall emu that wandered onto a golf course evaded capture for most of a day.
Former presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee told supporters that he may run again for president in 2012 during a teleconference with supporters on Thursday.
China will launch a two-month campaign beginning the middle of this month, to crack down on ``illegal'' publicity activities on the Internet.
― The former chief executive of the candy and pet-food company Mars Inc. has donated $4.5 million to help Colonial Williamsburg build a replica of the blacksmith shop and armory that was used in 1776.
Police divers will join the search for missing Balclutha woman Shelley Marie Carson in the Clutha River and along its banks near the South Otago town today.
Veteran actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha underwent bypass surgery at a city hospital on Monday and would continue to stay there for a few days.
Carl Icahn is returning all outside money from his $7 billion hedge fund firm Icahn Capital because the activist investor doesn't want to be responsible for losing other people's money if there's another financial crisis, according to a letter he sent to clients.
The Vigilante Group of Nigeria, is to employ about one million youths under its Community Service Project Initiative.
President Barack Obama, an avid basketball fan, is taking British Prime Minister David Cameron to an NCAA Tournament game in Ohio, showing off one of America's most popular sporting events.
Bank of India, a state-run lender, began reviewing loans to companies named by federal investigators in a bribery and improper credit disbursal probe, Chairman and Managing Director Alok Kumar Misra said.
A 30-year-old woman has suffered a serious sexual assault near an underpass in Southampton.
Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday he would meet members of the Syrian opposition in London later this week, adding that Washington was looking to provide more help to opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
A two-alarm fire burned one half of a Rogers duplex in the 800 block of South 21st Street Friday morning.
STOCKS to watch on the Australian stock exchange at close on Tuesday: up seven cents at $37.17 down four cents at $1.595 up nine cents at $66.15 steady at 93 cents The wild weather from ex-tropical cyclone Oswald could prompt a further rise in the price of coal.
A burn ban remains in effect in Pottawatomie, Lincoln and Seminole counties because of the continuing threat of wildfires.
US Bancorp has reported first quarter earnings of $669 million or 34 cents per share, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
mDemocratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden said Thursday that he will vigorously challenge Republican Sarah Palin on the issues, but will refrain from personal attacks.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola insists the title is not sewn up after their draw at Real Madrid .
The former treasurer for three Federal Way youth sports leagues was sentenced Friday to 30 days in jail and ordered to pay nearly $34,000 in restitution for embezzling funds from the leagues.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Dan Maes is counting on tea party support during a gubernatorial debate in southern Colorado.
``While I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to bring down the price tag of this bill, the fact is we still face a trillion dollar spending bill. Making it worse, the bill is 93% spending and only 7% stimulation. Over the past few days I have fought to include more in the way of real stimulus through higher percentage of infrastructure and defense spending, while working to cut much of the typical government waste often found in a bill of this size. Yet Democrats have blocked these efforts.
AN elderly man has drowned in a swimming pool on the Sunshine Coast this morning.
The state unemployment rate dropped to 7.7 percent in December, down from 7.9 percent the month before, according to a report issued by the Department of Workforce Services.
Shepherd is the second UK hurler to be named a first-team summer league All-American in the last two years, as junior right-hander Trevor Gott was tabbed as a first-team closer after leading the Cape Cod League in saves in 2011.
Two suspicious devices that prompted the evacuation of thousands of students in Vancouver were found not to contain explosives.
Kevin Garnett will eventually have offseason right knee surgery to remove a bone spur in the same knee that has him sidelined indefinitely due to a strained tendon.
An inter-state criminal carrying a cash reward of Rs 15,000 was today arrested in an encounter in Bairia area, a senior officer said.
Former first lady Jenny Sanford wants to expand the porch of her beachfront home on the South Carolina coast.
The United States said on Saturday it would cut military aid to Rwanda for this year because of evidence by UN experts that Kigali was supporting rebels in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
British brainbox Stephen Hawking has told Sky news that he has been banned from taking part in Robot wars.
Australia captain Ricky Ponting remains confident of being fit to play Pakistan in the Boxing Day Test, but the selectors face a decision over which pacemen to play in Melbourne.
The last line expresses well the idea life can change in a moment.
Amazon.com Inc. today announced its picks for best music of 2011.
Islamabad, Dec 25 Against the backdrop of a row between Pakistan''s civilian government and military over a memo alleging an army plot to seize power, President Asif Ali Zardari today asked people not to allow any change through ``force and intimidation''.
Luxury accessories label Anya Hindmarch has sold a minority stake to a private Qatari investment group.
Citigroup downgrades Genzyme downgraded from Buy to Hold but raises their price target from $64 to $76.
A red phone box in a Gloucestershire village has been turned into a lending library by local residents.
One of NASCAR's most storied race teams gave up majority control Wednesday when a private equity firm took over Petty Enterprises.
The Rev. Al Sharpton took Caroline Kennedy to lunch Thursday at a famed Harlem soul food restaurant as she continued her quest to join her uncle in the US Senate.
President Georgi Parvanov is responsible for the management of the Cabinet in the last four years, leader of Ataka political party Volen Siderov said.
Champagne can be good for your heart, a new British study reveals.
Accor is to rebrand its economy hotels, Denis Hennequin, chairman and chief executive, told the Financial Times, as Europe's largest hotels group by number of rooms attempts to assert a new identity after a period of restructuring.
A 28-year old youth in Desai Faliya of Fanasvada village in Valsad district committed suicide by consuming pesticide on Saturday night.
Busy bee Neetu Chandra has said no problem to the glamour shots and action stunts required of her by Anees Basmee in his new film of the same name that has just finished a shoot in South Africa.
The EURUSD is triggering stops below the 200 hour MA at the 1.2538 level and looks next toward the 1.2515.
National Presto Industries is paying its annual dividend early, given the uncertainty over federal tax rates, the company said Friday.
``Russia is ready to move towards easing the visa regime with the European Union, with Germany, as quickly as our partners are ready for this,'' Medvedev said during the Petersburg Dialogue forum in the German city of Hannover.
Spanish actor Javier Bardem flirted with Brad Pitt so he could get him a job.
A BOOK editor died of smoke inhalation after bedding in his flat came into contact with the front of an unguarded gas fire, an inquest heard.
Indian cricket captain, Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Wednesday said that the team has to think beyond security concerns.
Curtainshop Online, a Lancaster based online shop for home improvement products, introduces new range of ready made curtains by Rectella.
Former UFC fighter Maiquel Falcao has suffered a stroke and remains hospitalized in Brazil, according to Tatame.
I m going to buy a byk .........but m confused between power or mileage.............
A SIX-YEAR-OLD minor girl drowned in a canal near Hamza Town in Kahna police limits on Sunday.
Manchester United will kick off their title defence away to West Bromwich Albion on August 13, the Premier League said on Friday.
The Hindu Rights Action Force leader insisted on Sunday that his Malaysian passport was revoked though the government stated otherwise.
Mohegan Sun at Pocono Downs is cutting managers' pay, but the cuts won't be as drastic as at the casino in Connecticut.
Facebook is doing what it can to combat a particularly nasty rumor today, telling the BBC that private messages never appeared on public timelines like some users have claimed.
Two years after blocking access to the website due to material deemed insulting to the country's founder, Turkey has lifted its ban on YouTube.
FedEx Express, a subsidiary of FedEx and an express transportation company, has expanded its international shipping portfolio to provide customers with more choices and reach when shipping packages and freight worldwide.
Macquarie Street met the Mountains when a contingent of Blue Mountains, Lithgow and Oberon Tourism representatives attended a 'Meet the Minister' function at State Parliament on Tuesday, August 21.
Top US lawmakers vowed tough action on Iran as tensions mounted ahead of a late deadline for negotiations and amid speculation Israel may launch a pre-emptive strike.
Canadaâ€™s premier roots-rock band Blue Rodeo heads to Nova Scotia for a pair of special shows this summer.
Sevilla lost Frederic Kanoute for three weeks on Monday after the Mali striker injured his calf while away on international duty.
A woman who crashed into an electrical box Wednesday morning was flown to a hospital with possible life threatening injuries, Mesa officials said.
``Fiji will be at the Rugby World Cup and will have a competitive team,'' Miller told a press conference in Paris on Thursday.
Carjackers drove their victim several blocks in his own car, then dropped him off and sped away, Colorado Springs police are reporting Thursday morning.
In what may be an unspoken admission that their playoff chances are history, the Minnesota Twins traded outfielder Delmon Young to division rival Detroit for a minor league pitcher.
Dollar funding rates remained unchanged in Asia on Tuesday.
A person with knowledge of the deal told The Associated Press early Monday morning that the Jets agreed to terms on a four-year contract with Antonio Cromartie, keeping the cornerback in New York.
When I talk about Matt Kenseth making all the right moves, that is not only what he did on Sunday at Las Vegas Motor Speedway getting his first win of the season, but actually more so the moves he made in the offseason.
Golden Star Resources Ltd. comments on recent market activity concerning the company's common share trading volumes and price.
Iron ore producer Ferrexpo said pellet output fell 2.6 percent in the first quarter from the last quarter of 2008 because of adverse weather conditions in January.
A Mesa woman has been accused of child abuse for allegedly leaving her child in a park for four hours to have sex with two men.
President Barack Obama plans to nominate White House lawyer Donald Verrilli as solicitor general, filling a vacancy left by Elena Kagan when she became a Supreme Court justice last year, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
San Francisco tour buses could be banned from traveling down portions of North Beach.
Lakers center Dwight Howard is expected to play Sunday against Detroit after making a quick trip to Los Angeles for a minor shoulder procedure.
After nearly six years in the making, Remedy's psychological horror title Alan Wake has finally gone gold and is on track for its May release date.
Plants could be slapped with pollution taxes a year from now for wastewater discharges and noxious emissions, the Fiscal Policy Office said yesterday.
Oscar--nominated actor Pete Postlethwaite, a craggy--faced British character actor described by director Steven Spielberg as ``the best actor in the world,'' has died at age 64 after a long battle with cancer.
Two people were killed in separate Sunday morning traffic accidents in Jefferson County, Chief Deputy Coroner Pat Curry said this morning.
Governor-elect Haslam will walk with parade units from across the state featuring college and high school bands, service organizations, community volunteers, and other groups that highlight Tennessee's unique strengths, history, and future.
First warning weather, 6/16/10, 6p
A man who went for a swim in a pond in Manali found a bag containing used ammunition on Monday.
A Williams woman was arrested in Yolo County on Sunday for possession of stolen property.
One of Australia's most famous Merino and Poll Merino studs, Collinsville, sold rams to $8000, averaging $1188, during its on-property sale on Tuesday at its Mount Bryan sale complex.
A report was released this week by Public Citizen which found that Minnesota was the worst at disciplining doctors.
Adele is pregnant with her first child, she announced Friday on her website.
Victoria, BC - A referendum on borrowing money to either refurbish or replace Victoria's Johnson Street Bridge likely will be held in late November.
A 71-foot, $3.5 million yacht moored in Daytona Beach has been destroyed by fire.
Winds gusts of more than 50 mph on Monday blew over several building trusses at the construction site of the Donna L. Vanier Children Center, 155 N. Oakdale.
No. 2-ranked Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from the Brisbane International before her opening match after feeling pain in her right collarbone during practice.
More than 2,000 new commercial licences were issued in Abu Dhabi during the first quarter of this year, bringing the number of businesses to 105,953, the Department of Economic Development said in a statement.
FESTIVAL Gardens developer Langtree Group saw sales and profits soar as the property market showed signs of recovery.
NEW YORK >> Diet Pepsi is quietly changing its sweetener, with the goal of helping the soda maintain its taste longer.
Walter Smith has backed Ally McCoist to continue the success he has already brought to Rangers when he retires as manager at the end of the forthcoming campaign.
Aug 21 Controversial director Michael Moore is back with a bang with his new project ``Capitalism: A Love Story.''
The Professional Contractors Group is planning to hold a seminar, called Marketing Yourself, in Bristol next month.
The town will hold a public hearing Wednesday to discuss extending the public water supply from the city of Middletown to Durham to supply drinking water to properties within the Superfund area, where wells are contaminated or threatened by solvent releases at the Merriam and Durham manufacturing sites.
Toledo police say they've arrested three men in connection with a home invasion in the 900 block of Harding Drive.
Slovenia's registered unemployment rate rose to 8.4% in March, up 0.2 of a percentage point on the month before, the Statistics Office reported on Monday.
US Secretary of State has reiterated her earlier remarks that Pakistan must boost taxes on the wealthy and reduce its reliance on foreign aid to recover from the devastating floods.
It was confirmed by the marketing manager of Xperia X10 that multitouch will not be supported on X10 but a ``inside man'' of mobile.co.uk says that Android 2.1 with multitouch is coming for X10 by September.
Despite an onslaught of rain and ice, a bomb threat and shortages of paper ballots that forced some polls to stay open late, Ohio voters set a record Tuesday for turnout in a primary.
BBC World is now known as BBC World News, and the old logo for BBC World has given way to the new BBC World News logo.
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama on Friday congratulated US President Barack Obama for winning the Nobel Peace Prize for 2009, saying he is ''really pleased'' about the news and that he ''wants to congratulate him from the heart.
Consumers should plan for higher fuel, electricity and food price hikes, according to Alon Perlov, managing director of Genesis Advisory Services, as the series of looming price increases will have a serious effect on people's finances and lifestyles.
President Barack Obama on Thursday toured a vehicle test site in Pomona of Los Angeles to stress the need for creating environmentally friendly jobs.
A US Peace Corps volunteer was raped at knife-point in central Mozambique, police said on Wednesday, as the US Congress prepared to open hearings into the safety of the agency's volunteers worldwide.
The wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas says she has reached out to Anita Hill, who accused the justice of sexual harassment during confirmation hearings 19 years ago.
Two young children were injured in a car crash outside Tesco Extra in Wellington Street, Slough, yesterday.
Actress Ashley Tisdale has celebrated her 25 th birthday on the film set of Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure after unable to get time off from making the Disney film.
Texas Tech head coach Billy Gillispie, who has had a history of drunk-driving charges, has quit drinking, according to USA Today.
Charles, the Prince of Wales, has warned that humanity has just 96 months left to save the world.
DHL Express has appointed Garry Kemp as the new area director to the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, Al-Bawaba News reported.
The Pope was officially welcomed by the Queen with a ceremony full of pageantry at the start of a tour.
South Korean regulators are considering taking action against Apple over a growing number of complaints by consumers about bad after-sales service, according to The Korea Times.
Mass death of fish has been recorded in the Dnieper river near Nova Kakhovka city of the Kherson Oblast.
A new cigarette smuggling channel from Kosovo has been busted by customs officers at the Kalotina customs checkpoint, the press office of the National Customs Agency announced.
West Indies captain Chris Gayle is looking to power his side to success in the second ICC World Twenty20.
A line of heavy showers and thunderstorms moved from west to east across Western Massachusetts Saturday night.
BJ Services Co. said Monday it swung to a fourth-quarter loss of $9.95 million, or 3 cents a share, from net income of $168 million, or 57 cents a share, in the year-ago period.
President Barack Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki have placed a wreath by the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery in honor of the thousands of casualties from the Iraq war.
Libya and Brunei are considering sending more peacekeepers to the southern Philippines to safeguard a fragile 2003 cease-fire between government troops and the country's largest Muslim rebel group, a Philippine official said on Tuesday.
File photo / Associated PressFormer Massachusetts state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson was sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison for bribery.
The Yankees ninth-inning rally fell short against the Tigers and the ALDS is even at one game apiece with Detroit's 5-3 victory.
At 13:30 hours IST, the Nifty was trading lower amid volatility.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at close on Wednesday: up 16 cents at $24.55 ANZ Banking Group has sold its remaining shares in Visa for a gain of $224 million as it moves to improve its capital position.
An officer was injured when a police cruiser rammed into a Central City home.
Militants attacked two churches in Nigeria yesterday, spraying the congregation of one of them with bullets, killing at least one person, and blowing up a car in a suicide bombing at the other, wounding 41.
McAfee, the world's largest security technology company, has warned consumers that ``scareware'', or fake antivirus software, may be the most costly online scam in 2010, causing significant monetary loss and damage to users' computers.
Rewind Festival have confirmed ``Adam Ant and The Good, The Mad & The Lovely Posse'' as very special guest for both this summer's Rewind Scotland and Rewind Festival.
GWYNETH PALTROW has won her first Emmy at the 2011 Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards for her guest role on GLEE.
Hundreds of firefighters are battling a fast-growing wildfire that threatens homes and wineries in California's Napa Valley.
Twenty-five top US and Canadian travel agents have visited Derry as part of a four-day fact-finding visit to Northern Ireland.
Adobe Systems Incorporated announced it has acquired privately held Demdex, a leading data management platform company.
With the appetite for project financing from the traditional European stalwarts shrinking, sponsors of infrastructure projects in Asia are facing new challenges.
A nine-year-old girl has been raped, allegedly by her aunt's boyfriend in Katlehong, Johannesburg police said on Monday.
Regime bombs Damascus road to slow rebels Syrian government jets bombarded the Damascus ring road yesterday in a bid to halt a rebel advance that threatens President Bashar Assad's hold on the capital, insurgent commanders and opposition activists said.
In a news.com.au reports flight attendants in the USA have revealed what they hate about passengers' behaviour...what do you think....
Fulham signed Hungary midfielder Zoltan Gera on a free transfer from West Bromwich Albion on Wednesday, making him Roy Hodgson's third signing since the end of the season.
XM just announced two new ``dock & play`` radios. Both use something called ``PowerConnect'' technology to work through your car's power system. That already sounds complicated to me, but the company promises that installation is easy. The Sirius model, the Stratus 6, supports the company's much-hyped but little used a la carte option, which lets subscribers get only the channels they want for a lower monthly fee. It can also receive the ``Best of XM`` package for an additional monthly fee. The Stratus 6 can store 10 favorites and has a one-touch feature for calling up traffic and weather in one of 20 cities. It also includes a universal docking connector for use in the home, office, or a second car. It will go on sale this fall for $69.99. The XM onyX offers 10 presets and a one-touch feature for calling up traffic and weather in one of 20 cities. Besides XM programming, it can get the ``Best of Sirius'' package for an additional monthly fee. It can be used in the home or office with an additional connector. Look for it this fall for $79.99. It certainly looks like the Sirius model has been given more love: it's $10 cheaper and has more features. That seems par for the course, since Sirius acquired XM in the recent ``merger.`` Still, I'd take the XM onyX any day, since it offers Opie & Anthony without an additional ``Best Of'' fee. Priorities, people.
South Street in Harrisburg is closed Friday from 9:45 am to 3 pm The street will be shut down from North 2nd Street to North Front Street.
STOMPIN' Dave Allen is going all out at the Square and Compass when he combines all the elements of his manic stage shows on one night for the first time.
A Dublin pharmacy student who claims an unfair policy operates in the education system has lost his High Court bid to go to medical school.
SHANIA Twain and her new husband Frederic Thiebaud are hiding their painful struggle with infertility.
Minnesota Representative Michele Bachmann formally announced her candidacy for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination this morning during an appearance in her birthplace of Waterloo, Iowa.
Carmaker failure would be catastrophe, GM's Wagoner says;
Dubai Municipality has been honoured for its renovation of the historic mosques in Shingadha, and Dubai's old souq and Bastakia.
Pepsi Bottling Group said Monday that it has rejected what it called a ``grossly inadequate'' acquisition offer from PepsiCo.
Really, they are, says a Pew Research Center survey that asked why people had kids.
India and Pakistan held Siachen glacier talks today.Siachen glacier The Siachen glacier is known as the world's highest battlefield.
Singapore share prices ended flat on Tuesday as the markets await clearer signals from the US Federal Reserve over whether it will provide more economic stimulus.
HSBC-owned bank First Direct has withdrawn mortgages for new customers to clear a backlog after people flocked to the bank's relatively cheap rates as other lenders withdrew offers due to the credit crunch.
Sen. Tom Bakk announced at the St. Louis County DFL Convention in Duluth today that he will end his bid for the DFL endorsement for governor.
Oil Search Ltd has gone into a trading halt, ahead of an expected announcement about the termination of a planned about $1 billion sale of a stake in the PNG LNG project to an Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund.
Four people have been arrested overnight following a police pursuit from the Blue Mountains to Emu Heights.
ICICI Bank, one of the largest banks of the nation, has followed suit of rate hikes.
Australia's overcome the loss of captain Michael Clarke to beat Sri Lanka by 32 runs in Hobart and square the five-match one-day series at two-all.
Commercial real estate owners are changing their tactics in this tough economy and the owners of this building here at Eagle Pines Plaza in Ammon are hoping to soon be able to cut this sign down.
Israeli police have arrested four Israeli settlers in the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar, accusing them of ``attacks on public order''.
The things we have to unlearn about the former Chief Whip, Andrew Mitchell.
The overall flood situation deteriorated during the past 24 hours until Thursday morning in greater Rangpur and adjoining areas in the Brahmaputra basin as the rising major rivers were flowing above the danger marks at several points.
A Stage 1 burn ban is again being declared for both the Upper and Lower Yakima County areas.
A Grand Island man has won $200,000 playing Powerball from the Nebraska lottery.
SALINAS, Calif. While Salinas public libraries brace for the possibility of losing local funding, the library system has joined a literary duel for bragging rights worldwide.
Meanwhile, Robyn Gardner's mother issued a statement asking the public to pray for her daughter.
Hizbullah on Saturday condemned the Israeli air strike on a Sudanese convoy headed for Gaza in Janurary.
Kirstie Alley didn't want to have ``fat sex'' when she was overweight.
PLO leaders hosted a Ramadan event in east Jerusalem late Monday, in the first official Palestinian gathering in the 18 years since Israel imposed a ban on such activities in the holy city.
Sharon Collins, who was convicted of soliciting a man to kill her partner and his two children, has been released from prison.
I am trying to find out how long the maximum jail sentence could be on these charges.
Missouri State has hired Purdue assistant Cuonzo Martin to fill its head coaching vacancy.The 36-year-old Martin replaces Barry Hinson.
London Fire Brigade had its quietest bonfire night on record this year, thanks to people staying in to watch Strictly Come Dancing and the X Factor, according to a report to be published next month.
Gov. Mike Easley will undergo shoulder surgery on Tuesday at Duke Hospital in Durham.
The Charlottesville area is cleaning up following severe storms that toppled trees and knocked out thousands of customers' electricity.
Business rate supplementary bill powers were announced following the Queen's speech to Parliament today despite opposition from retailers and small business leaders.
Nintendo has defended its environmental record after Greenpeace once again ranked the games giant bottom of an eco-friendly list of electronics manufacturers.
Pirates seized two vessels over the weekend and were towing a German-owned tanker to the Somali coast Sunday, according to maritime officials.
Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan on Friday said further price gains in bulk commodities such as iron ore and coal will help boost export earnings by 50 billion dollars in the coming financial year.
TMZ has recently obtained legal documents where CM Punk, real name Phillip Brooks, has filed for a restraining order against his estranged mother.
Police have again arrested the owners of a suburban Dallas swingers club called The Cherry Pit.
American actress Alicia Silverstone has revealed that she loves to garden in the nude.
A Superior Court judge today refused to dismiss bias charges against a Somerset County man who allegedly pulled his truck alongside an African-American motorist, pointed a fake gun and threatened to shoot while uttering a racial slur.
Washington Capitals superstar Alex Ovechkin clowns around with a pal of his and delivers an atomic wedgie.
Police arrested a registered San Anselmo sex offender who was accused of raping a 60-year-old San Rafael woman in the laundry room of an apartment complex in Strawberry.
Tenn. demonstrates trend of looser guns laws in about half the states;
The Detroit Lions announced today that they have signed RB Montell Owens.
A multi-national private oil and gas consortium, the first of itskind in Vietnam , made its debut in Hanoi on March 16.
Two men have been charged in the so-called Craigslist shooting in the 4400 block of Elmbank on Wednesday night.
President Barack Obama spoke out Friday on the Trayvon Martin shooting for the first time, calling the incident a ``tragedy'' and invoking his own children.
Prior to the release of 'Just Drive', the title music for Formula 1 2012, Alistair Griffin releases his long awaited album Albion Sky.
Ministers have been accused of 'rank hypocrisy' after it emerged that a third of cabinet members are campaigning against Government plans to axe post offices in their own constituencies.
Ohio State University President Gordon Gee is donating his $225,000 pay raise and bonus for 2009 to student scholarships.
Christopher Bowman, the former US figure skating champion dubbed ''Bowman the Showman'' for his flair on the ice, died Thursday of a possible drug overdose, authorities said.
Jack Thompson, thorn in the side of violent video game makers everywhere, has been disbarred by the Florida Bar and forced to pay $43,675.35 in legal fees to the court.
Gilgit-Baltistan Legislative Assembly was all set to legislate tourism and mineral deposits, as the GB Council had finalised its recommendations for awarding both sectors the status of corporations, Assistant Director Tourism Iqbal said.
The Security Council has welcomed the holding of Libya's first national elections this past weekend - the North African country's first in nearly five decades.
BOSTON House leaders on Wednesday unveiled a $27.9 billion state budget plan they said includes hundreds of millions in cuts and savings while investing in cities and towns, health care and a new initiative to end homelessness.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. Trevor Cahill lost to his former team and dropped to 0-3 in spring training as the Oakland Athletics beat an Arizona Diamondbacks' split squad 11-2 Sunday for their ninth win in 10 games.
EasyCruise has increased travel agency commission from 10% to 15% as it courts the trade for more business.
The Orioles have reached a multi-year agreement with 26-year-old Taiwanese left-hander, Chen Wei-yin, according to an industry source.
He passed away yesterday in his Las Vegas home at the age of 85.
A Wood River man was killed early Tuesday when the pickup truck he was driving crashed into the rear of a tractor-trailer at a gate of the ConocoPhillips refinery.
``I am very sorry for hurting my daughter in a very bad way,'' Angela McAnulty told the jury.
In a move to focus on its wireless and FiOS businesses, Verizon announced today that it is selling 4.8 million of its landlines to Frontier Communications for $5.25 billion in stock.
Train-maker Bombardier has won a £106m contract to maintain Virgin trains on the West Coast Main Line.
A 39-year-old man and 7-year-old girl were stabbed to death in the child's home, according to police.
Gold Fields , the world's fourth biggest gold producer, on Wednesday said it had been asked by authorities to shut its Kloof mine in South Africa after workers were killed in separate seismic events.
Boyd Gaming reported a 41 percent drop in net income for the second quarter on 2009, citing the continuing economic strain on the local market, and reaffirmed their interest in buying a Station Casinos property, the company said today in its quarterly report.
Everything Everywhere has appointed Olaf Swantee as its new CEO with effect from 01 September.
ESTATE agency group LSL said that enquiries to its estate agencies from potential homebuyers is ``encouraging'' and it has been trading ``slightly better'' than expectations.
Space shuttle Discovery reached its Cape Canaveral, Florida, launch pad in preparation for a May 31 liftoff to place a huge Japanese research complex on the International Space Station.
Mike Kern of the Philadelphia Daily News is reporting that Doug West is returning to Villanova as an assistant coach for the coming season after a 1-year absence where West pursued a business venture outside of basketball.
Reckitt Benckiser has made an offer to purchase healthcare company SSL International in a deal worth just over 2.5 billion pounds.
NASA has announced that astronauts could survive Mars radiation after the Mars Curiosity Rover discovered that the radiation levels are not, according to initial measurements, lethal to humans.
BLACKPOOL manager Ian Holloway admits that the £90m Premier League jackpot is outrageous -- but he cannot wait to roll around in the cash.
THE FAMILY of a Hodthorpe dad, who passed away suddenly at his home, has paid tribute to 'a loving family man'.
Israeli bulldozers today destroyed a garden and children's playground in Beit Jala, and 100 fruit and olive trees in Al Walaja, both in the Bethlehem district, to make way for the continued construction of their illegal apartheid wall.
Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin took the witness stand Friday in a Knoxville, Tenn. courtroom against a college student charged with hacking into her email account, the Knoxville News Sentinel reported.
``As a loyal soldier of the DMK, I will vote for the victory of UPA and the continuance of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's government,'' Maran said at a press conference at his south Chennai residence.
The body of a female was recovered from the lower Niagara River this morning.
Lakers guard Sasha Vujacic was diagnosed with a concussion after he was hit below the left eye by an inadvertent elbow from Lakers forward Lamar Odom during practice Thursday.
The Gold Coast Skydivers are holding a benefit for the Wounded Warrior Project Saturday and Sunday, June 19th and 20th.
Mitt Romney stepped in it last night when he said at a fundraiser that, ``Big business is doing fine in many places.''
Kaneland teachers on Sunday voted overwhelmingly to ratify a tentative contract agreement.
Kiss bassist Gene Simmons and his decades-long partner Shannon Tweed plan to tie the knot next month.
Researchers think climate change may be bulking up the birds, while other studies suggest some animals and plants are shrinking in a warming world.
In a recent interview, Trump was asked about his relationship with the African American community and said: ``I have a great relationship with the Blacks.''
Former Connecticut standout Alex Oriakhi told CBSSports.com on Friday that he has decided to transfer to Missouri.
Chris Moyles has quit his BBC Radio 1 breakfast show with a new presenter set to be announced this morning.
JaVale McGee makes 3pt shot vs LAClippers.
Compass Group, the world's biggest caterer, said on Monday it had a strong third quarter, with profit margins and revenues, excluding acquisitions, in line with the levels seen in the first half.
Asian stocks rose for a third week as commodity prices gained and as US companies reported or raised profit forecasts, boosting confidence in the strength of global economic growth.
Layoffs have begun at Bank of America in Springfield and across the region as part of a work force reduction announced in December.
Ford of Europe said Wednesday that sales at its main 19 European markets rose 5 percent in July, as the company increased its market share in the region.
Albert Haynesworth announced Wednesday that he will report to Redskins training camp after holding out for a trade for weeks.
Most of the 627 Costa Allegra passengers will continue their Seychelles holiday at the cruise company's expense.
Sen. Larry Craig did not file for reelection by Idaho's Friday deadline, seemingly putting an end to one of the more bizarre political sagas in modern political history.
Lahore, Dec 27: ``Common friends'' of India and Pakistan are playing their role to defuse tension between the two countries as war is not in the interest of either nation, Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said.
A man accused of hiring a hit man to kill his former sister-in-law pleaded guilty to criminal solicitation of a capital murder today and was sentenced to 15 years in prison, Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley said.
Homeless gets ready to spend the night on a sidewalk two blocks from the White House in Washington, DC, in this December 15, 2009 file photograph.
Nearly 50 skilled trade workers walked off the job last week at Novelis, refusing to accept a contract after it was put to a vote.
Mitt Romney began his final push towards Super Tuesday this morning.
A BUSY lane used as a cut-through in Barrow Gurney will be closed for three months while work is carried out by Bristol Water.
Why we must believe in Ghana' was the striking theme of the second Ferdinand O. Ayim Memorial Lecture held in Accra last Friday.
Indonesia executed three convicted murderers on Friday, an official said, the second time that the country has done so since 2008 in a move that drew condemnation from rights groups.
Serena Williams, who has not competed since winning the Australian Open early in the year, said Thursday she had withdrawn from this month's Family Circle Cup.
WALES will be hit particularly badly by the world financial crisis which has been caused by ``greedy, risk-taking traders'', according to one of the nation's leading City insiders.
The worst of the flu outbreak that put pressure on Scottish hospitals this winter appears to be over, experts said yesterday.
El Paso businessman and philanthropist Paul Foster of Western Refining will be inducted into the Texas Business Hall of Fame at the foundation's 31st annual induction dinner Nov. 14 in San Antonio.
A seventeen-year-old girl student of a local college on Wednesday committed suicide inside the hostel premises.
UK government has announced 9.6 percent increments in the pension of former British Gurkha servicemen with effect from April 1.
A suicide bomber killed 30 Afghans in an attack at a funeral in the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar today.
This year's Malaysia Day rally will be held in Bintulu on Sunday to commemorate the 49th anniversary of the formation of the country.
Espanyol have been fined €3,000 by the Spanish Football Federation on Tuesday for the crowd trouble that marred last month's city derby against Barcelona.
The US federal budget deficit will hit an unparalleled $1.2 trillion for the 2009 budget year, according to a Capitol Hill aide briefed on new Congressional Budget Office figures.
A Pakistani youngster on Sunday set a new world record in plug wiring during the Punjab Youth Festival 2012.
MORE than half of grandparents provide free childcare for their grandchildren, saving families nearly £860 a year, research has shown.
Heads of Odesa and Volyn regions Mykola Serdiuk and Mykola Romaniuk have noted high unemployment growth rates in their respective regions.
Syria marks the first anniversary today of an increasingly bloody uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, with recent army gains unlikely to quell the revolt and no diplomatic solution in sight.
European stocks fell for a third day as companies including Carlsberg A/S missed earnings estimates.
Ayrton Senna has been voted the greatest Formula One driver of all time by other grand prix racers.
The euro is making a hesitant start to the week after a weekend meeting between EU officials saw bickering politicians put the brakes on a plan to introduce a banking union in Europe.
A LONDONDERRY Sentinel reporter has received a veiled threat from a member of a group of republican youths who have been conducting a sectarian hate campaign on a social networking site.
The activists of Awami Tehreek and Sindhi Mazdoor Tehreek took out a protest rally against the rapid increase of inflation, unemployment and worsening law and order situation of the region on Sunday.
BG Group Plc. said it has appointed Sir David Manning as a non-executive director with immediate effect.
South African all-rounder Shaun Pollock was on Sunday named captain of Mumbai Indians following Harbhajan Singh's suspension from Indian Premier League matches for slapping pacer S Sreesanth.
President Ian Khama launched the new Pula bank notes at the Bank of Botswana on Friday morning.
Rhode Island lawmakers are taking a spring break before the hardest work of their 2011 session begins.
The NATO-led force in Afghanistan said two more US troops died in Afghanistan, bringing to 43 the total number of Americans killed this month.
Brevan Howard, the large European hedge fund firm, is returning $2 billion to investors in its flagship portfolio.
Google defended itself about extremist websites showing up on its search results page saying it helps the police keep track of such websites.
Luka Rocco Magnotta has pleaded not guilty to the multiple charges against him, including first-degree murder, in the death and dismemberment of Chinese student Jun Lin.
AP Feed Detroit Pistons forward Charlie Villanueva faces a charge of domestic assault after a May 19 incident in Burlington, Ontario.
Baghdad is drowning in sewage, thirsty for water and largely powerless, an Iraqi official said in a grim assessment of services in the capital five years after the US-led invasion.
Northampton flanker Tom Wood will make his England debut in Friday night's RBS 6 Nations clash with Wales at the Millennium Stadium.
Stocks mostly rose Monday as oil backed off a record above $143 a barrel, and as fund managers bought up high-performing stocks along with defensive issues to embellish portfolios on the last day of the second quarter.
Google expects to launch new products for its YouTube web video service in the next few months and sees reason for closer cooperation with Yahoo, Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said.
In celebration of our nation's 233rd birthday, we are looking for area residents to share with us what makes you patriotic and how you show it.
Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp share an intimate kiss in The Tourist, as seen in a recently-released trailer for the new thriller, which is set to open on December 10.
Quebecor Inc. is pairing with a group of entrepreneurs to launch a video game company focused on developing titles for mobile devices.
Southern Company today reported first quarter earnings of $422.3 million, or 50 cents a share, compared with $494.5 million, or 60 cents a share, for the same period a year ago.
BJP today said implementation of FDI in multi-brand retail will make India a nation of ``sales boys and sales girls'' and it hoped to see the end of the UPA government on the issue.
I've lived in this area for 28 years now, and I'm amazed how many things there are to do in Lehigh Valley that I didn't know about.
A bomb exploded at a crowded bus stop Wednesday in central Jerusalem, wounding at least 25 people in what appeared to be the first militant attack in the city in several years.
In Harris v. Liberty Community Management, Inc., Case No. 11-14362, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit held that a property management company acting pursuant to a management contract with a homeowners association was not a ``debt collector'' subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it attempted to collect assessments on behalf of a homeowners association.
More than 230 pounds of marijuana was seized over the weekend by Border Patrol agents in two different incidents.
Budget airline Virgin Australia reported a full year net loss of Aus$ 67.8 million on Thursday, but said it was optimistic about the year ahead.
Google's announced a new venture capital fund, and the aptly-named Google Ventures is looking for companies to support.
Paterson said Tuesday he will include the furlough in his next emergency spending bill, which state lawmakers must either accept or reject in its entirety.
Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Greece will hold new elections by the end of February once a new bailout agreement and further international aid for the country were secured.
Massena and Hammond residents were charged with felony third degree burglary Thursday in unrelated cases, according to state police.
Dane County authorities said an early-morning fire destroyed a house in the town of Berry Wednesday.
The US Senate has approved a US$838 billion economic stimulus package, including money for broadband and health IT deployments and for an Internet-based smart electricity grid.
A Shanghai-bound Air India flight from Mumbai with 172 passengers on Friday made a precautionary landing at the IGI airport in New Delhi after it developed a technical snag.
Teens charged with string of armed thefts Updated: 11:18, Sunday April 28, 2013 Two boys, aged 13 and 14, have been charged after allegedly threatening people with knives during a string of armed robberies in Sydney's east last night.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is to launch a new research unit aimed at exploring the use of stem cells to develop drugs that could repair failing organs and treat degenerative diseases.
Environment Canada says Windsor, Ont., recorded its hottest July ever, and may have set a national mark as well.
Madonna is facing a lawsuit over her new Material Girl collection bosses at a clothing company have accused the superstar of stealing the trademark.
Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons found that more than 4.5 million Americans are living with a total knee replacement, as the number of TKR surgeries has more than doubled over the past decade, with the sharpest rise among younger patients.
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney will speak on ``The Case For American Greatness'' at Ashland University at 7 pm on April 30 as the keynote speaker for the 25th Annual John M. Ashbrook Memorial Dinner.
A task force is recommending formation of a special unit within Child Protective Services to investigate cases of abuse where serious crimes may have been committed.
Governor Sam Brownback and other top Kansas Republicans are planning a two-day motorcycle tour of the state ahead of next week's elections.
Odd Future have been accused of attacking a 17 year old fan following a show in San Antonio.
The chairman of the Pakistani Senate's Foreign Relation Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain, today alleged that Indian elements in Afghanistan are responsible for destabilising Pakistan.
``We want a diversification of the global economy; and we want our people-owned businesses to be a part of this. We are serving the needs of ordinary folk and businesses around the world, when so many financial institutions have let them down.''
Celebrities, Giuliana and Bill Rancic are finally having a baby.
The Executive Director of the Danquah Institute, Gabby Otchere-Darko has stated that although he is sorry for the use of the word 'timid' in describing a ruling by the Judges of the Supreme Court, his position on the said issue remains unchanged.
Vietnam accuses China of firing flare at fishermen Vietnam has accused a Chinese vessel of firing a flare on a Vietnamese fishing boat that set its cabin alight in the disputed South China Sea, where rival claims to gas-rich waters have strained relations between the countries.
470 endangered sea turtles and thousands of birds officially killed by BP oil spill so far.
After three wins over the weekend, including a sweep over then-No. 12 Pepperdine, Colorado State volleyball is again receiving votes in the AVCA Coaches Top 25 Poll.
uxury car maker BMW AG said Wednesday it will cut another 5,600 jobs by the end of 2008, on top of 2,500 other positions that have already been eliminated, as it moves to pare expenses amid a wider cost-cutting program.
Oil rose above US$60 a barrel Tuesday in Asia after investors took heart from signs the US recession is easing.
A large Boa Constrictor was found hiding in a home gutter Tuesday, giving the man who found it quite a scare.
Sean Penn won his second Academy Award for best actor on Sunday night for his moving portrayal of slain gay rights leader Harvey Milk in Milk.
A cyclist has died in hospital following a collision on the Shurdington Road in Cheltenham yesterday afternoon.
Prince Amukamara, cornerback from Nebraska, was selected by the New York Giants as 19th pick in the 2011 NFL draft.
Chapman Tripp - Chapman Tripp Fund Manager of the Year Award nominees announced Chapman Tripp is proud to sponsor the Chapman Tripp Fund Manager of the Year --
Three cruise ships have been arrested over unpaid bunkers and other outstanding debts.
Banner Olive Branch Senior Center offers activities and programs for seniors from 9 am to 3 pm Monday through Thursday, and from 9 am to 2 pm Friday, at 11250 N. 107th Ave., Sun City.
Conn. man arrested, accused of stripping in church A Brooklyn man is being evaluated at an eastern Connecticut hospital after police say he stripped naked in a church in the presence of congregants and school children.
Governor Rick Perry greeted President Obama at the base of Air Force One in Austin Monday with a letter requesting 1,000 additional National Guard troops be sent to the Texas-Mexico border amid growing drug cartel violence, claiming federal support so far was ``insufficient.''
Pakistan government has allocated Rs130 billion for the ongoing war on terror for fiscal year 2010-11.
Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said Friday that he was dropping his re-election bid.
Penn State football coach Joe Paterno underwent successful hip replacement surgery Sunday at Mount Nittany Medical Center, university spokesman Jeff Nelson confirmed in a release issued Sunday evening.
A JAPANESE multi-purpose ship was surrounded by pirates in waters off Kenya, a spokesman for the Japanese transport ministry said on Monday.
Canada has topped the expat ratings for 'quality of life' experience according to the fourth annual NatWest International Personal Banking Quality of Life Index.
NCI, Inc., a leading provider of information technology, engineering, logistics, and professional services and solutions to US Federal Government agencies, is pleased to announce that Brian J. Clark will join NCI in April 2011 as the executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer.
SC Gov. Nikki Haley has unveiled an ethics reform package for the 2013 legislative session that would address many of the loopholes she has habitually exploited over the years in order to maintain and expand her political power.
As more teenagers take to the road during summer vacation, PennDOT reminds young drivers to practice safe driving techniques by avoiding behaviors that cause most crashes involving 16- to 19-year-olds.
Ankara, June 13 Turkey has launched its new generation communication satellite ``Turksat 3A'' from the Kourou base of French Guiana, the semi-official Anatolia news agency has reported.
It has been reported that singer Rihanna has cheated on her boyfriend Chris Brown with comedian Dane Cook, after the couple were seen flirting with each other.
Israel is watching events in neighboring Syria carefully, APA reports quoting ``The Voice of America''.
Rabah Saadane resigned as Algeria coach on Saturday following Friday's disappointing 1-1 draw with minnows Tanzania in their 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier, the Algerian Football Federation announced.
The number of mobile internet subscriptions in Hungary rose to 607,000 at the end of May from 566,000 at the end of April, the National Communications Authority said.
The NSW coalition says it will defer the state's funding of the contentious Parramatta to Epping rail link if it wins the March election - and try to convince the commonwealth to do the same.
India's Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf on Wednesday as the nuclear-armed rivals resumed peace efforts after a lull caused by political turmoil in Pakistan.
As of 9 am on Wednesday, state police had responded to 201 crashes, 29 of which resulted in injuries.
A former Russian banker is in a critical condition after being shot outside his home in London.
An American, from Lebanese descent, was stabbed to death on Saturday night in Casablanca, local authorities said.
A bulldozer stolen from Barrow County late last year has been recovered in Indiana.
CLSA has downgraded Unitech stock to outperform from buy and cut price target to 35 rupees from 50 rupees citing bearish outlook and weak earnings.
Swindon Town have completed the signing of Michael Rose on a free transfer from Stockport County.
South African world 800 meters champion Caster Semenya was cleared on Tuesday to compete as a woman nearly a year after controversial gender tests put her career on hold.
Canada Bread, a manufacturer and marketer of flour based products, has said that it will invest approximately $100m in its Fresh Bakery operations to construct a new 370,000sqft bakery facility in Southwestern Ontario.
A 32-year-old Granby man suffered minor injuries in a one-vehicle crash today in Newton County.
Packers CB Will Blackmon is hopeful he won't need surgery on his oft-injured right foot.
Katrina and Terrence Bock of Los Lunas celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary on June 1.
Parts of Memorial Parkway in Huntsville will be resurfaced starting Sunday night.
London, Sep 22 ''Rambo'' star Sylvester Stallone has been voted the ultimate action hero by beating California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in a new poll, which also features Angelina Jolie.
The harbor dredging that began in November will be suspended until June because environmental permits restrict work to certain times of the year.
BUSINESSMAN Denis O'Brien claims the Irish Daily Mail defamed him by accusing him of being a hypocrite when he provided assistance to the victims of the Haiti earthquake in 2010, the High Court heard today.
New Delhi, Feb 14 India today welcomed the outcome of the last month''s referendum in which southern Sudan voted for independence in a ``credible and peaceful manner'' and said it looks forward to working closely with both sides in Sudan.
John Forsythe, the actor who made his fortune as TV's affable Bachelor Father and as the scheming oil tycoon in Dynasty, died Thursday at the age of 92 in Santa Ynez, California.
Former top-ranked player Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain advanced to the second round of the Grand Prix Hassan II by beating Christophe Rochus of Belgium 6-2, 6-3 Tuesday.
Lindsay Lohan is planning a charity trip to Guatemala after returning from a visit to India ``a changed woman,'' according to her mother Dina.
Coast Guard units based in Charleston are currently searching for possible missing boaters.
Rep. Duncan Hunter, a California Republican and Marine combat veteran, called on Americans Thursday to boycott Mexico until that nation releases Jon Hammar, a former US marine, from prison.
An Upper St. Clair man was killed in a single car crash on the Parkway West Thursday night.
The French Prime Minister, François Fillon, resigned yesterday which will allow President Nicolas Sarkozy to reshuffle his cabinet.
One person was killed and several others have been wounded after a gunman opened fire at a strip shopping centre in the western US state of Oregon, police and local media reports said.
SAN FRANCISCO -AT&T Inc. said Tuesday it is taking recent negative reviews of its network seriously, but insisted perception lagged reality.
LeVOCC, Inc. today announced that independent laboratory testing has conclusively demonstrated that the LeVOCC air purification system successfully destroys a strain of the H1N1 virus.
A 36-year-old Owego man was dragged behind a vehicle for 45 feet Wednesday after trying to thwart a theft from Lehigh Railroad, according to Pennsylvania State Police out of Towanda.
US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Sunday expressed deep concern about renewed violence in Egypt, calling on both sides to exercise restraint, Xinhua reported.
In front of a sold out crowd of 4710, the Amerks beat the Senators in Binghamton tonight, 3-2.
A California man has been charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorist group al-Shabaab, US Attorney Laura E. Duffy announced.
A high speed chase on I-25 ended in a crash Saturday when two motorcycles crashed into a grassy area just off the exit ramp at South Academy.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday assured a delegation of Congress MPs from non-Telangana regions of Andhra Pradesh that nothing will be done in haste on the creation of a separate state, senior party leader KS Rao said.
LUBBOCK, Texas -Texas Tech fired Mike Leach on Wednesday after the coach took the school to court to try to overturn his suspension for alleged mistreatment of an injured player.
JERUSALEM UNESCO has reprimanded Israel over a newspaper cartoon showing the Israeli prime minister telling pilots to bomb the UN agency's office after bombing Iran, a spokesman for Israel's Foreign Ministry said Friday.
Rajasthan Royals thrashed Kings XI Punjab by eight wickets at Punjab Cricket Association Stadium here on Thursday.
The Oakland Raiders expect receiver Javon Walker to be ready for training camp when he recovers from injuries incurred during a robbery in Las Vegas last weekend.
Three department heads will get raises as part of a budget plan that was recently approved by the Orland Hills Village Board.
The federal government may reverse the sale of Daily Times of Nigeria, following the failure of the new owner to reposition it in line with the privatisation policy.
Alfa Romeo, skippered by Neville Crichton, pictured 45 miles south of Mallacoota, is set to claim line honours in Sydney to Hobart yacht race.
``The fact is, I'm gay, always have been, always will be, and I couldn't be any more happy, comfortable with myself, and proud,'' the 45-year-old anchor of CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 told The Daily Beast.
Word documents generated by the current version of Office 2007 don't conform to ISO/IEC 29500, the OOXML file format draft standard Microsoft moved heaven and earth to get ISO to accept.
John Terry has revealed that he is set to undergo a scan on a foot injury sustained against West Brom on Saturday.
WASHINGTON ― Sen. Robert C. Byrd was hospitalized Monday night at his doctor's urging after suffering from lethargy and sluggishness at the Capitol and, later, at his home, a spokesman for the 90-year-old Democrat said.
Reuters reported that Prompt European physical coal prices rose by USD 1 per tonne to USD 2 per tonne as the market continued to look for clear direction.
Four men have been killed in an industrial accident at an engineering company in Great Yarmouth.
Roger Federer begins his campaign for a sixth Wimbledon title, and a record 15th major, rejuvenated by finally lifting his French Open jinx and seeing injured rival Rafael Nadal limp out of contention.
``At that moment, we thought we were dead,'' said Egyptian guide Hassan Abdel-Hakim.
An extra £17m is needed to support student loans and grants in Northern Ireland, Employment Minister Sir Reg Empey has said.
Randgold Resources reported record 2nd quarter profit early Thursday, pushing its shares up over 5% in the process.
When it was first announced that writer Gail Simone was going take over Wonder Woman, I admit that I got excited.
Judge Ismail Brahim held that Wasli is protected from any further prosecution in respect of the answers that he has given in Tan Sri Kasitah Gaddam's corruption trial in the High Court in Kuala Lumpur and that the court was no longer competent to hear the case.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has been called upon to block the auction of a piece of armour the Sikh community believe may be sacred.
A 28-year-old Madison woman has been arrested on suspicion of pepper spraying a clerk at the Sears store at West Towne Mall after she apparently stole some merchandise, Madison police said.
The Denver Broncos announced several transactions Tuesday, including the assignment of tight end Kory Sperry off waivers from Miami.
Taipei, Dec. 24 Taiwan shares closed down 0.42 percent Friday on profit taking from a previous session as investors took cues from a lackluster performance on Wall Street overnight, dealers said.
Israeli police shot dead a Palestinian motorist in East Jerusalem after he ran over and slightly injured two policemen on a patrol, police said.
SP Tulsian, sptulsian.com is of the view that Unitech can touch Rs 29 and HCL Technologies can go upto Rs 742.
Brian Rolle intercepted a potential two-point conversion in the closing minutes and returned it for two points the other way, helping No. 6 Ohio State hold off pesky Navy 31-27 on Saturday.
Brazil here on Wednesday called on Israel to ``establish full, independent credible investigations'' into Israeli war crimes during the Gaza conflict which is backed by a UN fact-finding mission report.
Protesters chant slogans as they rally against the dissolving of parliament, in front of policemen standing guard at the parliament building in Cairo June 19, 2012.
The 21st century belongs to Asia and Asia will be the engine of the world economic growth.
Funeral services were held Monday for a toddler found unresponsive Friday at a day care on Chicago's West Side.
On Tuesday, Diaz filed a lawsuit against the NSAC for violating his right to due process.
The US housing market lost $US3.3 trillion in value last year and almost one in six owners with mortgages owed more than their homes were worth as the economy went into recession, Zillow.com said.
In a crucial week of high wire politics, Barack Obama is seeking to transform his top priority healthcare plan, now a liability for his presidency, into a trump card to outwit Republicans.
THE women's snooker season kicks off this weekend with a double-header at the North East Derbyshire Snooker Centre, Clay Cross.
Russia will attend an international consultative meeting on Syria to be held in Iran on Thursday, according to Russian Foreign Ministry.
India has said negotiations on an Arms Trade Treaty, that would regulate the conventional arms trade, should not be rushed through and efforts must be made to bring all stakeholders on board in a manner that promotes the prospects of an agreement that is practical and implementable.
For travelers fed up with pricey baggage fees, UPS has introduced a new luggage box designed to take the place of a suitcase.
The US federal budget balance fell less-than-expected last month, official data showed on Monday.
Silveira Travel Service, based in Taunton, Mass., celebrated 25 years in business on Saturday night during an event that drew more than 200 friends and family at the Venus de Milo.
MDC-T leader and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai assured supporters Sunday that fresh elections expected next year would be ``free and fair'' adding he was confident of finally end President Robert Mugabe's lengthy hold on power.
Zarlink Semiconductor Inc swung to a first-quarter profit on Wednesday as revenue almost doubled due to the company's acquisition of telecommunications semiconductor maker Legerity Holdings.
Melaine Walker of Jamaica has won the gold medal in the women's 400m hurdles in an Olympic record time.
Seven blasts rocked Indian IT capital Bangalore, killing at least four persons including a woman and injuring several others on Friday afternoon, media reports said.
Jennifer Aniston feels far sexier in her 40s than she did in her 20s, when she shot to fame on hit sitcom Friends.
France slumped to a surprise 1-0 defeat by China in their final World Cup warm-up on Saturday.
Senior forward Draymond Green earned his third Big Ten Player of the Week honor of the year after his performances last week.
Michael Phelps has broken the world record in the 100metres butterfly at the US Championships in Indianapolis.
As the number of elderly rises worldwide, researchers find that old people today have more sex, are more likely to be divorced, are cleverer and feel better, and are more outgoing.
New Zealand-based youth evangelist Winkie Pratney is slowly recovering from a stroke that caused a brain aneurysm the day after Christmas.
A terror attack on the Amarnath Yatra was foiled by the CPRF on Saturday.
NEW YORK The IRS is investigating the United Church of Christ over a speech Sen. Barack Obama gave at its national meeting last year after he became a candidate for president, the denomination said Tuesday.
Spurs guard Manu Ginobili has won the NBA's sixth man award given to the league's best reserve.
Scientists in Britain say womb transplants could be just two years away from going mainstream.
Odisha will increase the quota for women in the state's urban local bodies to 50 percent from the existing 33 percent, an official said Friday.
India corn futures were a tad lower on Wednesday on arrival pressure from the winter crop, but some export demand helped trim losses, analysts said.
Two unnamed East St. Louis police officers are being investigated by the Illinois State Police for theft from the Illinois Department of Employment Security.
In the GOP weekly radio and online address, Phil Gingrey, R-Ga., promotes a new Web site, AmericaSpeakingOut.com, saying, ``Republicans are listening and offering better solutions.''
Tottenham defender Sebastien Bassong would consider moving in the January transfer window, with QPR keeping tabs on his situation.
President Barack Obama on Tuesday approved 17000 additional troops for Afghanistan this spring and summer, calling the increase as necessary to stabilize the country, where the security has been on the continuous downslide in the face of a spreading Taliban insurgency.
STATS ChipPAC Ltd., a leading semiconductor test and advanced packaging service provider, today provided an update for the fourth quarter 2012.
Pippa Middleton's long-awaited party-planning book is here; alas, Pippa herself is not.
A record number of Indiana high school sophomores have signed up to take the PSAT.
A Scarborough man got a scare when he awoke early Saturday morning to find a burglar, accompanied by a pit bull, standing in the bedroom of his home on Ross Road.
``The future belongs to the creative younger generation. As a producer I feel responsible to support and back them as much as possible. I'm glad to have introduced a few aspiring directors through my films and I hope to continue my effort,'' Suresh told IANS.
A Springfield police officer was stabbed in the chest Wednesday by a 14-year-old boy who had refused for days to get out of bed, authorities said.
A 45-year-old Monticello man died in a motorcycle crash Saturday.
Somali soldier on Sunday shot and killed a civilian minibus driver in Mogadishu, witnesses said.
Prince is a very pricey addition to the upcoming Coachella Festival in Indio, California.
Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan has undergone surgery for a shoulder injury suffered while doing stunts for his new movie, ``Chennai Express.''
Many supporters have asked where the Hobbs money went and yesterday the club threw open some doors to show where it had gone.
The week-long 27th ITF World Team Cup Wheelchair Tennis Tournament, the virtual World Cup of wheelchair tennis, saw Sri Lanka beat strong Russia 3-0 on Tuesday but lose to top-seed Japan 0-3 on Wednesday in Pretoria, South Africa.
Gold dropped in price on Tuesday as lower oil prices and a firmer dollar prompted investors to cash in previous gains.
Nuclear submarines from Britain and France collided deep in the Atlantic Ocean this month, authorities said Monday in the first acknowledgment of a highly unusual accident that one expert called the gravest in nearly a decade.
A disciplined Mumbai Indians bowling attack has restricted Pune Warriors to 129 for 9 in their Indian Premier League game at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday.
Sports Writer Jared Odrick is unsure how he broke his leg, and he's unsure when he'll be back in the lineup.
New York City, one of the world's most visited places, is seeing a downward slide in tourism this summer even as it battles other economic woes.
Tammy Duckworth, a graduate of McKinley High School and the University of Hawaii, will speak tonight to the Democratic National Convention about military policy and veterans care.
A prime city centre development site that has sat idle for almost two years after falling victim to the credit crunch could soon be back on track after it emerged that a German fund was on the verge of investing in the scheme.
``Four Christmases'', the new Seth Gordon film earned the top spot in this weekend box office with $31,680,000 in ticket sales, according to the estimates released by BoxOfficeMojo.
My 20-something daughter is overweight.
Culinary Institute of Virginia, the School of Culinary Arts at ECPI College of Technology, is pleased to announce an Open House on Wednesday, July 23rd, 2008 from 6 pm to 8 pm.
Pakistan`s suspended Test captain Salman Butt is furious with not just the ICC but also the PCB for the way the spot-fixing case against him and the pace duo of Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Aamer is being handled as he feels they have been ``declared guilty without any evidence''.
European stocks are expected to start higher Thursday after economic data out of China reignited hopes for central bank easing.
Former British Cricket Captain Geoffrey Boycott: ``The question everybody keeps asking is how the hell did India get to number one in the world playing like this?
Milan President Silvio Berlusconi claims Alexandre Pato is better than Kaka and he wouldn`t change Ronaldinho for anyone else in the world.
Australia will do ``no more and no less'' than other nations to fight climate change, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said Tuesday, as he defended the outcome of global talks in Copenhagen.
Baghdad blasts kill at least 28 Updated: 10:13, Monday February 18, 2013 A series of bombings mainly targeting Shi'ite areas of Baghdad has killed at least 28 people in the latest violence to hit Iraq as it struggles with protests and a political crisis.
Friday, The Rat Pack hit the stage at The Morris Theater, in downtown South Bend.
Eastman Kodak is preparing a Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection filing in case it is unable to sell its digital patents to raise capital, The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Deutsche Bank reported its first quarterly loss in five years on Tuesday morning after writing down the value of loans for leveraged buyouts and asset-backed securities by €2.7bn, reports Bloomberg.
The Joint Committee on Education will host a public forum to discuss the issue of urban school governance on Tuesday, July 21, from 5:30-7:30 pm The public forum will be held at the Bruce Watkins Center, 3700 Blue Parkway.
China and India are set for slower but robust economic growth this year although sharply higher inflation looms as a key threat amid soaring global food and oil prices, the OECD said Wednesday.
Turkey will be the venue of uranium swap between Iran and and the West according to an agreement signed between Turkey, Iran and Brazil in Tehran on Monday.
Rory McIlroy may skip the 2016 Olympics because of a problem over which country to represent.
Large Vic bushfire claims homes Updated: 15:01, Friday January 18, 2013 A large bushfire is believed to have destroyed homes in Seaton and Heyfield in Victoria's east.
A man shot himself in the head in the parking lot of Harris Teeter in Darnestown early Tuesday morning, police said.
Consumer confidence in Britain has plunged to a record low following massive job losses amid the economic downturn, latest research shows.
A construction worker was injured this afternoon after he fell about 25-feet into a sewer line in Summit County.
Metro airport officials said all Delta flights out of Nashville, both arriving and departing, are canceled until 9 am Thursday.
Rio Tinto said Thursday it is pursuing a range of options, some of which are at an advanced stage, for maximising shareholder value and improving the group's capital structure.
New Zealand captain Daniel Vettori led a spirited Kiwi fightback with three cheap wickets on the fourth day of the first test against England at Lord's.
Flags at Australian Government departments and agencies will be flying at half mast on Sunday 11th November for Remembrance Day.
China Eastern Airlines Corp., the nation's third-largest carrier, fell in Hong Kong trading after expanding a discounted sale of new shares to its parent.
A bad crash has thwarted the medal efforts of Auckland cyclist Myron Simpson on the final day of track competition at the junior world championships in South Africa today.
Goodrich Corporation announced that, at the special meeting of shareholders held today, Goodrich shareholders voted to approve the proposed merger with United Technologies Corp..
Ms Rantzen, 68, said she was ``more likely'' than not to stand against Luton South MP Margaret Moran.
GATC Biotech is set to open a sequencing laboratory in London to provide scientists in UK and Ireland with single sample sequencing services.
Police arrested 8 suspects while trying to loot a passenger bus near Ornach.
Dubai International Boat Show is the only place to catch the latest cool marine gadgets which can guarantee you'll never be attacked by a shark again, allow you to dive to depths of 40 metres with the latest hydro-dynamic SEABOB, have you hurtling across the ocean at aircraft-like speeds, or ensure you never run out of petrol on the high seas with the world launch of the battery-powered engine!
News Service A Russian national has been charged in the US with allegedly hacking into brokerage accounts and executing fraudulent trades, which several brokerage houses claim caused US$1 million in losses.
After giving up four first inning runs against the Washington Nationals on June 25, John Smoltz rightly redeemed himself tonight against the Baltimore Orioles before his outing was cut short due to an hour and 11 minute rain delay at Camden Yards.
Deeply rooted discrimination against women in the political, economic, social and cultural spheres weakens society as a whole, the United Nations human rights chief said on the occasion of International Women's Day.
A medical condition was the cause of an accident along Interstate 44 early Sunday morning.
Prime Minister Najib Mikati, Interior Minister Marwan Charbel and Foreign Affairs Minister Adnan Mansour returned to Beirut from Turkey, the National News Agency reported on Friday.
The ``Pennsylvania for Hillary'' campaign announced Saturday that Hillary Clinton will be returning to Pittsburgh for a campaign event on Wednesday, April 2.
A bizarre and tragic story has emerged out of Houston this week, where a 7-year-old child with autism accidentally shot and killed his 5-year-old brother after they were left alone in a motel room.
Paula Deen has been nominated for a People's Choice Award, but she needs her fans to rally in order to win.
Edwin van der Sar is happy to put his 40th birthday celebrations on hold to aid Manchester United's quest for silverware.
Redskins DL Albert Haynesworth has failed his conditioning test again this morning, making it twice in two days that he has been unable to pass this test and move on to practice with the rest of the team.
The infamous rivalry between the two superstars of Bollywood- Aamir and Shahrukh- is once again hogging the limelight with the former revealing that King Khan is ``scared'' to work with him.
The British Ministry of Defense confirmed on Monday that a British soldier has been killed in southern Afghanistan.
BERKELEY, Calif. Authorities say Berkeley police shot and killed a suspect after he pointed a gun at them during a foot chase.
IQinVision, market leader in high-performance HD megapixel IP cameras, today announced it has signed an agreement with Tri
The winter storm watch released by Environment Canada for Portage la Prairie has been upgraded to a winter storm warning, and Portagers are being asked to get ready for the worst.
During excavations in Veliky Novgorod, north-west of Moscow, archaeologists found a fragment of an old musical instrument which might be 1,000 years old.
A woman has been sexually assaulted during a violent home invasion in Sydney's south-west.
At the same time, one component of the Army wants to grow to accommodate a need to cover more areas of the world.
A Concord man has been charged with a sex offense involving a mentally disabled man.
Bobbi Kristina Brown is planning on getting a nose job and a boob job in anticipation of her role on a Tyler Perry sitcom.
John Terry has confirmed that he has not heard from England manager Roy Hodgson as yet, but stated that he hopes he is included in the Three Lions squad for Euro 2012.
A 24-year-old woman, who is suffering from four chronic diseases, is seeking public donations to undergo surgery in Kuala Lumpur next week.
In an unlikely place, a small bistro cafe has opened in an automotive body shop, offering more than just soup and sandwiches.
Torrent Power today announced that it has signed turnkey EPC contracts with Siemens AG, Germany and Siemens, India.
Sourcefire, an open source innovator and creator of SNORT, announced that the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children recently deployed the Sourcefire 3D System in an effort to protect confidential information and provide network visibility throughout its entire organization.
Cellphone and instant messaging addictions are driven by materialism and impulsiveness and are compared to compulsive buying and credit card misuse, research shows.
Congress general secretary, Rahul Gandhi, has said that people should not always look upto him to solve their problems.
A metro toddler is in good condition after falling from a second story balcony.
A public funeral service is planned for Elizabeth Edwards, who lost her 6 year battle with breast cancer on Tuesday.
Former Vice President, Prof. Gilbert Bukenya is to appeal against the constitutional court ruling of Wednesday which said that he has no presidential immunity.
The government's Applied Institute of Economic Research said Brazil, which has the world's second-largest black population after Nigeria, is decades away from racial equality despite public policies aimed at decreasing the gap.
A AAA Michigan insurance agent has been charged in the death of a 46-year-old tow truck driver from Ann Arbor.
Consulting and technology services provider ICF International Inc. said Tuesday it received an $11.7 million contract from the Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Moody, a global rating agency has said that risks to the Indian economy have grown, but not to the extent that its currency ratings are vulnerable.
Heifer International Monday unveiled a new 25-kilowatt solar panel array that will provide supplemental electric power to Heifer's headquarters building and the Murphy Keller Education Building.
A former county commissioner and community activist credited by his peers with launching Maury County's recycling and litter-control efforts died Tuesday afternoon at the age of 71.
With all of the oil and gas drilling taking place locally, ODOT has teamed up with The Ohio Department of Natural Resources on an agreement to protect local roads.
In a major development ahead of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's visit to her constituency of Rae Bareli, the Uttar Pradesh government has reportedly withdrawn the land it sanctioned for a rail coach factory.
Three minor children were today injured in an explosion in Kupwara district of north Kashmir, police said.
Barack Obama created history on Tuesday when he became the first black man to be elected president of the United States of America.
A Google Webmaster Help thread has one webmaster being a bit obsessed about making sure Google does not know he has affiliate links on his web site.
Telecom director, Mudassar Hussain, told the Lahore High Court that a globally useful website cannot be blocked completely for containing objectionable material against Moonis Elahi.
``Hamas is certainly not an Iranian puppet,'' he says.
TREASURER Wayne Swan says the worst of the global economic downturn may be over but Australia still needs further fiscal stimulus.
The European Central Bank cut its interest rates by a half percentage point to 2 percent on Thursday, moving to protect the continent's economy against a deep recession amid increasingly grim economic data.
STPI, which has started the finishing school on a pilot basis at Chennai, is planning to extend to other parts of the country.
President Michael Sata has directed the Zambia Police to provide maximum security to Paramount Chief Mpezeni of the Ngoni people in Eastern province.
Portland is like Algebra, it is hard and it's complicated and I just don't get it.
UK small caps were firmer midday, matching gains on the broader indices with Nestor Healthcare surging after announcing that it is in early takeover talks.
Two young brothers have admitted a shocking attack on a nine-year-old and an 11-year-old boy today.
Fifty buildings were destroyed by a 21,500-acre wildfire raging in Northern California that has forced the evacuation of about 3,000 people near the small town of Manton, fire officials have said.
AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been banned for four matches after UEFA ruled he had ``assaulted'' Tottenham coach Joe Jordan.
Philippine share prices closed flat on Wednesday in the absence of leads abroad and at home, dealers said.
India successfully tested a supersonic cruise missile from a moving ship for the first time on Thursday, in what officials said was a major boost for the South Asian nation's defence capabilities.
DG®, a leading provider of digital media services to the advertising, entertainment and broadcast industries, today reported record first quarter 2011 financial results.
CNN is reviving ``Crossfire'' in the fall with conservative hosts Newt Gingrich and SE Cupp and liberals Stephanie Cutter and Van Jones.
This morning, Mayor Emanuel highlighted the importance of all students getting back to school on the first day, greeting students, parents, teachers and school leaders at LEARN Hunter Perkins school as they made their way to the first day of class for the 2013-2014 school year.
Columbia Regional Airport is considering an around 40 million dollar expansion plan.
VMware will acquire Nicira for approximately $1.05 billion in cash plus approximately $210 million of assumed unvested equity awards.
Here's how you can bookmark a page of expressandstar.com in your Web browser so you can easily return to it later.
AJMAN // Two workers were seriously injured when the scaffolding they were standing on collapsed at a building under construction.
A dog in Germany gave birth to 17 puppies in September and, although a lot of work was involved on the part of the dog and her owners, all of the animals are doing fine.
The Tennessee baseball team is set to begin fall practice next week at Robert M. Lindsay Field at Lindsey Nelson Stadium.
Very sad news today, Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi has been diagnosed with cancer.
Boeing Co. officially planted its flag in North Charleston, taking control of the former Vought Aircraft plant while analyzing whether to build a second assembly line for its 787 jet in the Lowcountry.
The first GOP presidential primary debate of the cycle has been pushed back from May to September.
Teen pop sensation Justin Bieber, who did a convincing imitation of a British person in a recent interview, says he wants to take lessons to perfect his English accent.
Irish pop singer Ronan Keating has revealed that he is not only writing a new album for Boyzone, but also the Eurovision Song Contest entry for Denmark too.
Crystal Palace manager Neil Warnock has confirmed he is keen to open talks with Clinton Morrison about a new contract.
Pakatan Rakyat has rejected the proposed unity talks and the formation of a unity government with Umno.
A Floyd County man was killed in a single vehicle crash near Prestonsburg.
Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar has said that country's defense has been made impregnable and invincible.
European shares extended their gains by midday on Wednesday, tracking a rise in US stock index futures and helped by a report that a bailout for US bond insurer Ambac Financial Group was near.
Ganzhou City of China's Jiangxi Province plans to spend around RMB 1.8 billion to procure tungsten and rare earth products to stabilize market prices, sources reported.
IT services provider Mahindra Satyam today said it is expanding its partnership with open source content management system provider Alfresco from APAC region to Middle-East region.
Unlike two other health care organizations in the city, St. Joseph Hospital has long paid full property taxes on its medical offices.
Demand is high for free medical screenings and preventive care at a San Jose health fair.
Hyundai Motors has said profit rose 31% in the first quarter as strong sales in the US and Europe helped to offset lower demand in its domestic market.
He is traveling from Geneva, Switzerland, where he just met with senior government officials from Pakistan and Afghanistan who were attending the Executive Committee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
2008 ``American Idol'' finalist David Archuleta releases a song bundle June 9 on iTunes.
A new British legal rights group kicks off a global campaign to decriminalise homosexuality in scores of countries across the world when it embarks on a first test case in the courts of Belize, says a report in The Guardian.
Tens of thousands of unsafe or decaying bridges are having to wait for repairs despite President Obama's pledge to rebuild such structures under his 787 billion dollar stimulus plan.
A 5.3 magnitude tremor shook Dominican Republic at 9:37 am Wednesday, the Santo Domingo State University's UASD Seismology Institute reports.
Casey Anthony will be arraigned this morning on several charges including first-degree murder in the death of her daughter, Caylee Marie Anthony.
Several WWE workers have already arrived in Puerto Rico for the weekend SmackDown/ECW shows in San Juan, Arecibo and Ponce.
When is it OK to call 911, and when should you call another number?
Gov. Mike Beebe has signed into law a ban on abortion coverage in the health insurance exchange but says he's still concerned about two other abortion restrictions pending in the Legislature.
Hungarian and US soldiers will train an Afghan battalion to be deployed in Baghlan province, N Afghanistan, from next April, Hungarian Defence Minister Imre Szekeres told MTI in the camp of Hungarian soldiers on Thursday.
Bernhard Langer won his first senior major title on Sunday, holding off a final-round challenge from Corey Pavin for a one-stroke win in the Senior British Open in Carnoustie, Scotland.
Kuwait and Cyprus said on Tuesday they would explore reciprocal investment opportunities, such as in energy and services, as they signed a deal to avoid double taxation of companies operating in the two countries.
An explosive device of an unidentified model went off near the prosecutor's office in the Sunzhensky district, Ingushetia, at 23.40 on Saturday.
BALLARAT Red Devils have signed an Irish Premier League player for the next two seasons.
One woman was killed and another was injured Wednesday afternoon in a Sayler Park crash.
A new site dedicated to Twitter Marketing claims that blogging is on its way out and is being replaced by Twitter, the micro-blogging phenomenon that has taken the net by storm.
Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb will make a visit to Copenhagen on Tuesday, 16 November.
Already missing Tiger Woods as he recovers from knee surgery, Torrey Pines lost the other half of its US Open memory when Rocco Mediate withdrew Monday from the Buick Invitational.
The Western Force have released Scott Fava on compassionate grounds and the former Wallabies back-rower is now set to join NSW.
A 24-year-old Jordan man was killed in a head-on crash Friday night on icy Highway 12 near Delano in Wright County.
France celebrated Bastille Day yesterday under a cloud of controversy as Syrian President Bashar Al Assad joined dozens of leaders to watch the traditional military parade on the Champs Elysees.
The Republican Party of ``NO'' has been accused of having no platform, no plan.
Kym Marsh and Jamie Lomas only reunited a matter of weeks ago, however now a split may be on the cards again as Jamie has reportedly decided to spend more time in America.
Over the last 10 years, three policeman and a prison warden were jailed and fined for drug trafficking.
Duke Energy Corp. will buy Progress Energy Inc. for $13.7 billion in stock, creating the largest US utility and increasing its ability to build new power plants to meet future greenhouse-gas emissions limits.
Saudi women are now getting behind the wheel in the Muslim holy land as a protest for banning them from driving.
Algeria has lifted its state of emergency after 19 years following last month's protests that threatened President Abdelaziz Bouteflika's decades-old regime.
The United Way of Bar-tholomew County fundraising campaign launched with op-timism at Thursday's Neighborfest.
Two women who were yesterday arrested at an Embu town lodging after drugging an alleged medical doctor awaiting to be escorted to the police while at the room in Embu.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by Ron Ben-Natan, Lexington, Mass., for a ``network intrusion blocking security overlay.''
About 22 out of 100,000 children in Kuwait suffer from diabetes, said Dasman Center for Research and Treatment of Diabetes on Wednesday.
AN Indian restaurant faces a fine of up to £50,000 after five staff were arrested by immigration officials.
Experimental pop outfit Metronomy have curated the latest Late Night Tales compilation.
Yahoo Inc. is setting up a new chain of command amid the turmoil triggered by the embattled Internet icon's snub of Microsoft Corp.'s $47.5 billion takeover bid.
Toro Rosso will stick with the same lineup for the 2010 Formula One season after confirming that Spanish driver Jaime Alguersuari will partner Sebastian Buemi.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani Monday said that the democratic Government is committed to making Pakistan a trade, investment and financial hub.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan ruled out yesterday general amnesty for Kurdish rebels amid renewed peace talks between the country's secret services and jailed Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan.
The Chernobyl nuclear disaster is remembered on its 27th anniversary.
Under terms of a pact that is being worked out, Fiat is likely to take a 35% stake in Chrysler by the middle of this year, the Journal reports, citing people familiar with the matter.
A Malaysian court has allowed a joint trial for 54 ethnic Indians who took part in an ``illegal'' assembly organised by a non-governmental Hindu group in November last year to protest against the alleged marginalisation of the community.
Today, TXU Energy announced it has again declared a summer moratorium on disconnects for customers designated as low-income, ill or disabled or who are at least 62 years of age this summer.
Funny man Robin Williams was said to be recovering well Monday from heart surgery and was even back to joking with his fans.
Olympic cyclist Mark Jamieson has avoided a jail term for child sex offences that have wrecked his international cycling career.
TWO British soldiers were killed in a bomb blast in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence said today.
But the Lions haven't been anywhere near as good as Johnson hoped they'd be, and he admits that all the losing wears on him.
NAPOLI missed several excellent scoring chances to draw 0-0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A yesterday.
Washington/The US denied reports Tuesday that a military plane carrying senior US officers was forced to land in Iran, following conflicting reports by Iranian media about an airspace violation.
LONDON -Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has been voted Footballer of the Year by England's Football Writer's Association after the midfielder's efforts helped put the Reds in contention for their first Premier League title since 1990.
Kevin Love has vowed to come back stronger than ever after a disappointing, injury-plagued season with the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank readied its first payout to shareholders in three years as its problems with bad debts eased last year.
Pellissippi State Community College will present five performances of ``Six Characters in Search of an Author'' at 8 pm April 9, 10, 16 and 17 and at 2 pm April 18 in the Clayton Performing Arts Center on the Pellissippi Campus, 10915 Hardin Valley Road, Knoxville.
India today called off cricket team's tour to Pakistan scheduled to be held in January-February 2009 in wake of the recent developments in the Mumbai terror attacks.
Car maker Ford India, the 100 per cent subsidiary of Ford Motor Corporation , USA plans to export its hatchback Figo to newer markets.
Cayuga County has scheduled three seasonal flu and pneumonia vaccination clinics for October.
Cane supply to the three sugar mills in the western division was affected last weekend.
India has no plans to review subsidies on food, fertilisers and fuel, Namo Narain Meena, a junior finance minister said in a written reply to Parliament on Tuesday.
Bush assured Americans that the battered US economy will ``pull through'' despite continuing housing woes and a spike in inflation.
Two Dallas police officers have been fired after one was found to have marijuana in her bloodstream after being arrested for driving while intoxicated and another officer came to work drunk.
Industrial Nanotech, Inc., an emerging global leader in nanotechnology based energy saving solutions, today announced that Coats plc, the world's largest manufacturer of thread and needlecraft supplies, has invested in Industrial Nanotech's patented Nansulate® thermal coatings.
Gold prices bounce back amid a warming condition of Egypt, the United States manufacturing data, which strengthened as well as worries that began to fade in the eurozone.
Bentley's new V8 powered variant of the Continental GT may get an Audi derived dual clutch gearbox.
Central bankers from the world's industrialised and developing regions voiced concern yesterday over surging food and energy prices, their latest big challenge as globalisation unsettles the balance of supply and demand.
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has been banned for one Champions League match for instructing players to get deliberate red cards so they could serve suspensions in a meaningless game.
CHILDREN will be encouraged to get cooking at a food festival in Great Missenden this weekend.
VILLAGERS from West Moors will fight to keep their library open again today, arguing that it does not even deserve to be considered for closure.
Absolute Radio today launched its digital radio station, Dabbl, which will focus on live-music programming.
Adam Schefter has the latest on QB Carson Palmer, who is unlikely to restructure his contract with the Oakland Raiders despite speculation that the two sides would work out a new deal.
The US and Afghan governments have begun secret three-way talks with the Taliban , Afghan President Hamid Karzai told the Wall Street Journal, in a move that could bolster US-led efforts to convene fully fledged peace talks within months.
Former President George W. Bush has joined Facebook, going live with an official page this morning.
A former Southern California doctor has been ordered to trial on 14 felony sex counts involving female patients.
Karen Elson has returned to modeling for the first time since her split from husband Jack White.
Police are appealing for assistance from the public following an armed robbery at a hotel in Rockdale overnight.
Deputy Managing Director of Dutch-Bangla Bank Ltd Abul Kashem Md Shirin has asked the officials of the bank to help the small and medium entrepreneurs by financing retail and SME products.
Coffee producers in Central and Latin America are being tempted away from traditional local cooperatives by multinationals as they look to cash in on strong demand for coffee beans.
International traders and a Chinese supplier are to file a lawsuit against the Brazilian service center Comafal, due to unpaid imported cargoes, Steel Business Briefing learns from a European trader.
NelsonHall has recently published its latest Software Testing market analysis, and there are some surprises.
The Reserve Bank of Australia says its efforts to ease the strain in domestic money markets, following the global financial market turmoil, are working well.
North Korea is handing out free uniforms to all students in the communist state to celebrate the 100th birthday of its deceased founder Kim Il-Sung, Pyongyang said Saturday.
US Rep. James McGovern, D-Worcester, will visit Amherst and Belchertown on Monday, July 16, as part of his ongoing small-business tour of the new 2nd Congressional District.
WOODSTOCK, ONT. A police officer in Woodstock, Ont., has been demoted for fleeing the scene of an accident.
Phil Pressey had a career-best 22 points with four assists and five steals, helping No. 24 Missouri beat Mercer 81-63 on Monday.
ACCBank has filed a petition to wind up Radora Developments, the company behind one of property developer Bernard McNamara's flagship projects.
Simon Pagenaud won the crash-filled Detroit Grand Prix on Sunday for his first IndyCar victory.
United States Senator Mary L. Landrieu, D-La., Chair of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, and Olympia J. Snowe, Ranking Member, today offered a resolution honoring National Small Business Week.
Himalayan group of professional institution Oagali organized a Mega recruitment fest on Saturday in the campus.
JERSEY IS SET to keep its 0/10 corporate tax regime after a review by the EU, but will ditch its distributable profits anti-avoidance rule.
The FTSE 100 Index slumped by as much as 10% today as global recession fears rocked world markets.
A man allegedly committed suicide after beating his pregnant wife to death over a dispute on house-hold chores in Patara village in the district, police said on Saturday.
Companies across the US economy are finding ways to do more with fewer workers, dimming hopes that hiring will take off anytime soon.
Mercedes motorsport chief Toto Wolff on Monday played down expectations for the Formula One season after the team's top test times in pre-season testing in Barcelona.
The Chabad House in Mumbai has a new permanent rabbi and rebbitzin a year and a half after the previous couple were gunned down by terrorists, authorities say.
A mother in Iowa was arrested after her toddler was found to be legally drunk!
Corn Products International Inc. said it plans to change its name to Ingredion, to better reflect its product offerings and shed its image as an agricultural company.
Muggers shot a spinning factory official and snatched Tk 69 lakhs from him at Shibpur upazila around 3pm yesterday.
The system of Tianhe-1A at the National Supercomputer in Tianjin has reached 2.57 petaflops performance level.
Now, Cuban says he might be willing to take a look at the financially-strapped Los Angeles Dodgers.
Canada's Minister of Industry, Hon. Tony Clement meets with Canada India Foundation to detail his party's India engagement strategy, including the $12 million Canada-India Excellence Research Chair program.
A Nashua man has been charged with drunken boating after an accident on Red Cedar Lake in Nashua Tuesday night.
Two people familiar with his case say rapper TI is expected to plead guilty today to federal weapons charges and will face prison time.
A South Korean hypnotist has been fined for stealing a kiss on a blind date with a woman he thought he had successfully put in a trance, news reports said Thursday.
At a time in history where American influence, economic, and political power seems to be fading in the global community, professors Edward A. Kolodziej and Roger E. Kanet offer an attempt to explain the situation in ``From Superpower to Besieged Global Power: Restoring World Order after the Failure of the Bush Doctrine.''
John Abraham hurt his nose on the sets of Sanjay Gupta's under-production Shootout At Wadala.
An Australian soldier in East Timor was found dead from a gunshot wound inside a locked toilet cubicle, hours after a sergeant ``dressed him down'' for mislaying his rifle, an inquiry has heard.
The Rubber Board has launched a group life insurance-cum-terminal benefit scheme for tappers working in the small holding sector.
Chad Reineke, a former starting pitcher for the Miami University baseball team, made his major league debut for the San Diego Padres in Petco Park, Saturday night against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Forward Josh Childress will make his official Suns debut in tonight's season-opening game at Portland despite suffering a right index finger fracture a week ago.
The Trenton Thunder, Double-A Affiliate of the New York Yankees, have announced that RHP Jeff Marquez has been transferred from Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to Trenton.
Two fugitives were taken into custody earlier today by the Tuscaloosa County Sheriff's Department.
Singapore's Foreign Minister George Yeo will make a five-day visit to New Delhi, India from August 1.
Richard Gasquet has withdrawn from the French Open because of a left knee injury.
- County police are investigating two separate accidents in which pedestrians were struck and killed New Year's Eve.
At a time when the aerospace industry is fretful about federal spending, defense contractor Raytheon Co. announced plans to eliminate one of its business units and slash 200 jobs.
New Delhi, Dec 17:The teachers' associations, who are on strike in various universities demanding early implementation of the Chadha committee report, suspended their agitation following the announcement made by government to revise their pay scales from January 1, 2006.
Dozens of ``rough sleepers'' will hope for a frost free evening when they camp out at Watford Football Club.
Bullfrog Power, Canada's 100 per cent green energy provider, will celebrate the Alberta launch of its new green natural gas product--the first and only 100 per cent green natural gas product to be widely available to homes and businesses across Canada--at the River Café in Calgary.
Apple today released the OS X Lion v10.7.4 update, which among other things fixes the FileVault password bug.
Attorney General JB Van Hollen announced today that an Onalaska woman has been convicted of filing fraudulent insurance claims, a misdemeanor.
A church brochure illustrated with what appeared to be a cannabis leaf has raised eyebrows in the northern Swedish city of Umea, reports said Wednesday.
British model-turned-actress Lily Cole has landed the lead role in a student play at Britain's prestigious Cambridge University.
Gov. John Baldacci has signed a law that creates a new specialty license plate to benefit the state's Animal Welfare Program.
So now that the company has filed for bankruptcy protection, what's the next move for Kodak?
European stocks recovered some lost ground on Thursday ahead of the Easter break, a day after sharp losses on fresh concerns about the eurozone economy and Spain's ability to slash its deficit.
Quark and Alfresco Software have announced a new partnership to develop integrated enterprise-class publishing and content management solutions for professional and corporate publishers.
Newcastle midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa has been ruled out until the end of the season with a hamstring injury.
Britain's ill-fated Mars probe, Beagle 2, may have crashed because of a miscalculation rather than a malfunction, say scientists.
Tim Lincecum said Monday that he's open to continuing contract extension talks into the season.
Paradigm has appointed Arshad Matin as president, CEO, and a member of the board of directors.
A Pentagon-directed task force recommends that Air Force Space Command take over the air service's overall nuclear mission in addition to its responsibility as stewards of the nation's military satellite assets, the chairman of the panel told reporters during a briefing today at the Pentagon.
A 21-year-old woman has pleaded guilty to shooting and killing her father and then burning his body after she says he tried to rape her.
A VOCAL group for women already established in Werrington, Bourne and Langtoft is starting a new group in Longthorpe next week.
Facts and ideas can't be copyrighted but how they are presented can be.
12-08-08, 12:00, - Finstar Properties plans to develop three retail centers in Ulyanovsk by the end of 2010.
Talk Talk is the most complained about ISP, according to new data from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
A series of official photos of Prince William at work with the Royal Air Force has exposed several RAF passwords and other sensitive data.
Plans are afoot to further train police officers and enhance the fight against crime, Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa says.
Democrats ``dropped the ball'' by not ensuring that Pat Riley's nomination for Lorain law director was filed by deadline and Republicans aren't to blame, according to Michael Scherach, the Republican nominee for the position.
A Roswell city councilman will hold a water conservation workshop next week, to help residents navigate the new rules for outdoor watering.
Mexico City, June 4 Mexican actor Enrique Lizalde died here Monday, the Mexican Arts and Cinematographic Sciences Academy, of AMACC, announced via the social media networks.
An arrest warrant has been issued for troubled former Melbourne AFL player Liam Jurrah after he failed to attend an Adelaide court on Tuesday.
Tempers flared Tuesday night at the Toledo Board of Education meeting, as simmering tensions between employees and the district over negotiations became public, foreshadowing a likely contentious battle over requested employee pay and rights concessions.
Pete Doherty has started work on a new Babyshambles album with producer Stephen Street, who produced the band's last full-length effort, 2007's 'Shotters Nation'.
In a recently released FDA report, wrinkle fillers are linked to serious side effects.
US Preventive Medicine Inc. has hired former Secretary of Health & Human Services Tommy Thompson to serve as the company's national policy adviser.
Well now Cryptic officially announces their next MMO, Champions Online - an online version of the Champions RPG!
Swedish MEP Eva-Britt Svensson has resigned from the European Parliament for health reasons.
Several San Juan County destinations were featured in the Aug. 29 issue of ``Woman's World'' weekly magazine.
Heavyweight contender Leo Nolan, 27-2, steps back into the ring on April 24th.
A protester was arrested at a Bill Clinton campaign stop in Corpus ChristiThe man, who wasn't identified, held a sign during Clinton's speech that said the September 11th, 2001, attacks were an inside job.
Bangladesh skipper Mushfiqur Rahim on Tuesday hit back at the West Indies head coach Ottis Gibson for his comments that the hosts have ``had it easy'' in the first two ODIs because the Windies batsmen gave away wickets cheaply, saying his bowlers had forced the tourists to gift the wickets.
An additional 225 billion cubic metre of rainwater storage capacity has been created in the country to replenish the rapidly decling water table in the country.
Vietnam will launch the first remote sensing satellite, VNREDSat-1, into orbit on May 4 from the Kourou launch pad, Guyana, France, reported the Communist Party of Vietnam on its website, quoting sources from the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology as saying.
Yahoo is closing its San Francisco-based Brickhouse development lab, an in-house incubator opened last year where small development teams developed products including Yahoo Pipes, Yahoo Live, and Fire Eagle.
All roads in northern Kosovo were unblocked about 12 am, after EULEX police finished its operation in the area of Zubin Potok and started its return to southern part of Kosovska Mitrovica.
12 hours, 31 minutes ago in Beauty products seller Avon Products said Friday that its chairman and former CEO Andrea Jung will step down at the end of the year, ending her 18-year tenure at the company.
The Arizona Cardinals say they've been granted a 24-hour extension on the TV blackout deadline.
The Gulf Breeze High swim team held their annual banquet recently at Surfburger.
The Jatiya Sangsad went into its first session of this year yesterday.
Sports goods giant Nike, Inc. Thursday said it plans to divest two of its wholly-owned affiliate brands - Cole Haan and Umbro - to sharpen its focus on driving growth in the NIKE, Jordan, Converse and Hurley brands.
A knife has been held to a shop worker's throat during an armed robbery in north Belfast.
A 26-year-old Kingsville man has been sentenced to 13 years in prison after being convicted on three felony charges, the Kleberg County District Attorney's office announced Wednesday.
Schools were urged to include an anti-cyber bullying program in their curricula to create awareness among their students and prevent episodes of harassment in social media sites.
Liquor company Brown-Forman Corp. said Thursday that Director Matthew R. Simmons will retire to spend more time working at his specialized energy investment banking firm Simmons & Co. International.
Amid the controversy over the role of lobbyists in India, top banker and government's key adviser Deepak Parekh on Sunday said lobbying is not bad and it really does not matter whether or not it is legalised in India.
Some 18 people have been killed in Unity state during clashes between the southern Sudan army and Misseriya cattle herders from South Kordofan in northern Sudan.
South Africa could have the world's most expensive electricity if Eskom gets it tariff increases, an economist said on Thursday.
Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed, known for his prêt line, is set to launch a couture line that includes high-end dresses, gowns and drapes this October in.
A MAN has pleaded guilty to a street attack in Worcester on the day he was due to face trial by jury.
India downgraded its Tsunami warning on Thursday, even as the massive earthquake off the coast of Indonesia created ripples across the south Asian sub-continent, a day earlier.
To help ensure the reliability of the region's transmission system, NSTAR will begin its annual summer helicopter inspections of the electrical equipment on local rights-of-way today.
Kuruwita town in the Ratnapura District will be developed as a city with adequate provisions for Sri Pada devotees and tourists by using funds of Rs. 150 million from the Urban Development Ministry, said Power and Energy Minister WDJ Seneviratne.
The city of Bowling Green is gearing up for its 200th birthday later this year with plans for a four-day celebration and contests.
Former Australia flanker George Smith will remain with Super Rugby side ACT Brumbies until the end of the current season after his Japanese club Suntory approved his contract extension, a Brumbies team spokesman told reporters on Thursday.
Nokia s Maemo 5 powered N900 will be soon getting its first firmware update, according to folks at Nokia Conversations.
Strong earthquake strikes Indonesia Updated: 16:08, Tuesday January 22, 2013 A strong, shallow earthquake has rocked parts of western Indonesia, reportedly killing a young girl.
The tortoise found in York County is NOT a sulcata tortoise.
A 22-year-old Park Vista Drive man has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge in the fatal shooting of a 20-year-old Tyrell Street woman in her residence last June 23.
Australian stocks opened flat on Monday, with weakness among gold and metals companies offset by a firmer start from the info tech sector.
A day after the Excise Dept and the Sales Tax Department beefed up inspections at the checkposts in Aryankavu, nearly 1,900 litres of illicit spirit was seized from a mini lorry at the checkpost during the early hours of Sunday.
Israel and the Palestinians were to resume peace talks on Friday, meeting a top US envoy, with Israel's defence minister opting to stay away amid mounting US criticism of settlement construction.
ILLEGAL immigrants will no longer be locked up and deported when caught by authorities, in a major softening of immigration procedures.
Pope Benedict XVI has been welcomed at the White House with pageantry and cheering.Benedict is only the second pope to visit the White House and the first in 29 years.
YOUNG offenders on Portland are helping to create a £1.5 million visitor centre under an initiative by Portland Gas Storage Ltd.
A man from East Sussex has said he is devastated after a cliff-top memorial to his wife was damaged.
H&H Environmental Construction and Consulting now provides public adjuster services for homeowners that have sustained mold infestation or flooding damage.
Mission Prep will move from the CIF-Central Section to the Southern Section in all sports for next year.
Aerosmith has announced a new album that Steven Tyler is promising will not let you down.
The European Commission is to take action against Malta after the European Court of Justice found, in October, that the country was not controlling emissions from the Delimara power station as required by EU regulations.
It is reported that Evraz has exported the first lot of advanced quality rails produced at Nizhny Tagil Iron and Steel Works.
Lexington County authorities are investigating a body found near Dreher Shoals Dam at Lake Murray Wednesday afternoon.
An artificial pancreas that could end the need for daily insulin injections by diabetics has been developed by researchers at Leicester's De Montfort University.
Hollywood star Tom Cruise has reportedly not seen his daughter Suri in the last three months following his divorce from Katie Holmes because he is filming in England.
A sinkhole has reportedly swallowed a pond.
Aussie porn star Monica Mayhem has revealed she wants to work until she is 80.
The housing market maintained its strong upward trend in February, helped by improving household incomes, low mortgage rates and constrained supply, Westpac said in an analysis of today's real estate data for February.
``My sense is people are going to come out in significant numbers,'' Branstad told anchor Bret Baier of FOX News Channel in an interview inside the Iowa Statehouse.
Manchester United goalkeeping legend Peter Schmeichel has backed Edwin van der Sar to reclaim the No 1 jersey from Ben Foster at Old Trafford as soon as the Dutchman recovers from a broken finger.
Israeli tanks struck targets in the Gaza Strip early Saturday, residents said, while Israeli media reports said 49 mortar shells fired from Gaza landed in the Negev desert.
Now that the transfer window is firmly open, Premier League clubs have been considering their options and the first major move has seen Wayne Bridge make the move from London to Manchester.
The global thirst for oil will hit a record high this year, driven by the economic recovery, the International Energy Agency said Tuesday in a revised estimate.
The Iowa Army National Guard has canceled training scheduled for March 5-6, worried that the congressional budget fight might lead to a federal government shutdown.
A Durham teen was arrested Tuesday on robbery and weapons charges stemming from an incident Monday afternoon in McDougald Terrace.
Stock index futures cut losses on Friday with the S&P and Nasdaq futures briefly turning positive.
Mariano Rivera will throw a bullpen session on Tuesday afternoon, according to the Newark Star-Ledger.
The new school year is getting underway, with students and teachers heading back over the next couple of days.
Miami cleric guilty supporting Pakistan Taliban An elderly Muslim cleric was convicted yesterday of funneling thousands of dollars to support the terrorist Pakistani Taliban, blamed for suicide bombings and other attacks that have killed both Americans and Pakistanis.
Crude oil prices held mostly steady in New York, settling near $101 per barrel while markets adjusted to news of the earthquake-tsunami disaster in Japan.
BART service is getting back to normal after a problem earlier this morning in the Transbay Tube.
And now -- if that weren't enough! it seems iPods can save your life, according to a testimonial by a British girl whose life was maybe spared after her iPod diverted the voltage from a lightening bolt that struck her.
Zebra, horse corralled after NYC street jaunt New York City can be like a zoo sometimes, but a zebra running wild through the streets is not something you ordinarily see.
Amazon said Thursday that it is selling more than one million Kindles a week and the new Kindle Fire tablet computer is its top-selling item.
Australian musician James Freud has been found dead at his Melbourne home after taking his own life.
A senior Bradford police officer has revealed more CCTV cameras are planned for the city to further boost crimefighting.
Depa, the Dubai based outfitter for the Burj Khalifa, is bracing itself for an 'extremely tough' 2010 in order to cope with difficult market conditions, its chief executive officer said on Tuesday.
The 10 best ghosts caught in movies are a lively bunch.
49ers Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown
Eddie Crowder, who played quarterback at the University of Oklahoma under Bud Wilkinson before spending nearly a half-century at the University of Colorado as a football coach, athletic director and mentor to generations of other coaches, died Tuesday night.
Singapore share prices ended 0.8% lower on Tuesday amid mixed Asian bourses and as regional inflation concerns shifted funds toward developed markets.
'Britain's Got Talent' sensation Shaheen Jafargholi - who wowed the show's judges with his rendition of the Jackson 5 hit 'Who's Loving You' - is ready to challenge Susan Boyle to win the show.
Bees attacked a Donna woman, as she was getting her mail.
Mumbai-based Union Bank of India, for instance, has decided to resume its global expansion scheme.
Police have been criticised for their part in a fatal pursuit near Taipa in Northland.
While the threat of global nuclear war largely has passed, the danger of nuclear proliferation continues to make the 40-year-old Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as relevant today as it was during the height of the Cold War, President Obama says.
Two pedestrians were struck and killed by a Jeep Friday night in Fenwick Island, state police said in a release Saturday.
A 23-year-old woman was arrested after throwing a kitten at her younger sister during an argument.
``High School Musical'' star Vanessa Hudgens has reportedly been roped in to star in the musical ``Rent''.
Samuel Eto'o signed off in style for Barcelona as he bagged a second half brace to cap a dominant 4-0 Liga victory for his side against mid-table Murcia at Camp Nou.
New York, Dec 1 Top US lawmakers Sunday pushed for aggressive and effective US diplomacy in South Asia to prevent the further escalation of tensions between Pakistan and India as a consequence of the Mumbai terrorist attacks that have killed 183 people, including six Americans.
NEARLY 10,000 new homes could be built across Mansfield over the next 20 years, the district council has confirmed.
A hospital doctor hastened the death of an elderly patient by prescribing an excessive dose of painkillers, an expert has told a General Medical Council inquiry.
The borough of State College announced last week it will borrow more than $1 million to finance parts of the Fraser Centre, a downtown entertainment complex slated for completion within the next two years.
A Nova Scotia man has been arrested in the seizure of 1.5 tonnes of cocaine from a former Canadian Coast Guard ship bound for Spain from the West Indies.
President Ian Wishart explains rail companies continue to overcharge producers for rail car maintenance despite a ruling from the Canadian Transportation Agency to lower the revenue cap.
Commander in Chief Fidel Castro sent his congratulations to the Cuban medical brigades ``Henry Reeve'' --which fulfilled a mission in Chile after the February earthquake- and ``Todos con Voz,'' that carried out a study on the disabled in Nicaragua.
MOSCOW, Nov 23 Russian soccer fans have started a petition to retain Guus Hiddink as national coach despite the team's failure to qualify for next year's World Cup finals.
India on Monday said it was hoping for an outcome with ''substantive and enforceable commitments'' at the Copenhagen climate meet which are ''equitable and supportive'' of economic growth in developing nations.
RIVERHEAD, NY - A Long Island woman is suing Victoria Gotti, claiming she suffered serious injuries in a car accident with the mob widow last year.
Airtricity Premier Division side Derry City will enter the Europa League at the second round, Uefa has confirmed.
Turkey barred an Israeli military plane from using its airspace after last month's raid on Gaza-bound aid ships killed nine activists, the country's prime minister said on Monday, as Turkish media reported a second plane was also turned away.
Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte could be called to testify in Roger Clemens' federal defamation suit against Brian McNamee as part of the trainer's attempt to dismiss the case.
Attenborough enchanted by Bjork Updated: 22:56, Wednesday December 19, 2012 Sir David Attenborough was enchanted by singer Bjork when they filmed a nature documentary together, and he called her 'honey' throughout shooting.
The Lupus Foundation of America seeks grant proposals from researchers and investigators to help advance the science and understanding of pediatric lupus, reproductive health issues in people with lupus, and neuropsychiatric lupus, which affects the brain and peripheral nervous system.
Ted Nugent explodes during a morning show interview, swearing at a producer, and we wonder whether conservative media would be as quiet about such an outrageous political endorsement if a progressive acted this way after endorsing Barack Obama.
Clemson receiver Sammy Watkins says his shoulder is feeling better and he could be ready to play against North Carolina State on Saturday.
Unit 5 junior high schools are holding book drives today through Oct. 21.
Russia accused Ukraine yesterday of allowing its troops to fight with Georgia in the war over South Ossetia.
Flir Systems Inc. laid off nearly 100 workers this week, including 40 at its Wilsonville operations, blaming uncertainty surrounding the federal budget.
Japanese stocks fell for a second day this week after US jobless claims unexpectedly rose and companies reported lower earnings or forecasts, fueling concern an economic recovery may slow.
Oil prices held firm on Wednesday as dealers digested soaring US crude oil inventories and a gloomy global economic outlook from the International Monetary Fund, analysts said.
PRINCE Harry has won a battle with defence chiefs and will return to Afghanistan to fight the Taliban.
He met up with Jason DeRulo who gladly posed for a photo with the budding star.
``After all, Ajit Pawar is treading the path of his uncle Sharad Pawar, who had once vowed never to return to Congress fold but he did return. Similarly, when Ajit has to face the trial by fire, he will beat a sudden retreat and give explanation for doing so,'' Thackeray said.
Three US senators whose helicopters made emergency landings today in the mountains of Afghanistan are all OK.
Volunteers were honored Wednesday for their efforts to reduce recidivism in Atlantic County.
Robert Mugabe is expected to be sworn in for a new term as Zimbabwe's president on Sunday as leaders continue to debate the best way to deal with the controversial actions of his regime.
Five members of the same family have been burnt to death at Suame in Kumasi in what is suspected to be arson.
A prominent Tibetan environmentalist who said he was ``brutally tortured'' in custody has been jailed for 15 years on tomb-robbing charges that were dropped years ago, his lawyer said Friday.
Bharti Airtel, one of the leading emerging markets telcos, has achieved Gold Certification from Cisco.
An Indian father and his five-year-old daughter have died in a suicide pact at their home in Bur Dubai.
Online movie rental company Quickflix is to stream movies to PlayStation3 starting later this year under an agreement with Sony.
Two Chinese visitors on Tuesday pleaded guilty to robbing an American woman in her apartment in Bur Dubai.
A great white shark was spotted off the coast of Imperial Beach on Tuesday, according to city officials.
Two-time Academy Award® winner Barbra Streisand, who has sung on the Oscars only once before, will perform on the upcoming Oscar® telecast on February 24.
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker is targeting a top four finish in the Premier League despite the team's shaky start to the season.
Fugitive Nicolae Popa, sentenced to 15 years of prison for fraud will be repatriated on December, a spokesperson of the Indonesian police declared, quoted by Jakarta Globe.
Energy company Centrica has rolled out a new data analytics warehouse to consolidate and integrate its growing data volumes.
The International Monetary Fund on Saturday denied a report in German magazine Der Spiegel that it was pressing Greece to restructure its debt.
The oil patch has a lot to celebrate during this year's Calgary Stampede, with oil prices and industry profits at all-time highs.
EventNow reports Tom Cruise honored at Friars Club that took place last night in New York City and it was a great event.
A UK aid worker and three local staff were kidnapped in Afghanistan on Sunday, security officials have said.
AT&T* welcomes home the USS Theodore Roosevelt, known to her crew as ``Big Stick'' or TR During the festivities, returning military and family members can make FREE wireless calls from AT&T on the newest cutting-edge devices including the Samsung Innovation and Motorola Tundra.
An Edmonton homosexual pedophile who has admitted molesting more than 50 boys was declared a dangerous offender yesterday and handed an indefinite prison term.
A group of young missionaries from the United States is currently conducting outreach work in the Cayo district.
The last well has cracked in Guba mass burial site, which is the proof of the genocide committed against Azerbaijanis by Armenians in 1918, the bones in it are crumbling, head of the Guba genocide expedition, researcher of Archeology and Ethnography Institute of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences Gahraman Agayev told APA.
Pakistan Railways is planning to buy diesel locomotives from South Korea for what a five-member delegation of the ministry is already in Seoul to negotiate the deal.
Visteon Corporation today filed an amended plan of reorganization and disclosure statement with the US Bankruptcy Court, reflecting the company's improved operating and financial performance, as well as recovering industry and market conditions.
NASCAR is the latest major sporting body to implement random testing for substance abuse.
WrongSizeGlass writes ``CNet is reporting that a fifth of Android apps expose private data.
A Kandiyohi man drowned Tuesday evening in Bass Lake while attempting to save his young son.
I argued last week that the ``buy made in Nigeria'' campaign suffers from escapism, lacks economic rigour and amounts to a mere slogan of wish.
The Energy Bill has received its second reading in parliament, with new proposals also announced to impose minimum energy-efficiency standards on landlords under the Green Deal.
Seattle social networking startup Lockerz has acquired AddToAny, a software company that provides ``share'' buttons on websites.
As The Setonian reported online Wednesday, Karen Boroff will be stepping down as the dean of the Stillman School of Business effective June 30.
Snitch who snared NJ politicians gets 6 years A federal judge sentenced the informant in New Jersey's biggest corruption sting to six years in prison on Thursday, ignoring recommendations from the government to impose a lighter sentence to encourage future informants to cooperate.
Oil topped US$100 per barrel on Thursday for the first time since early June on an improving outlook for the US economy, and European leaders moved closer to agreement on more financial aid for Greece.
Members of the Mortgage Victims' Platform sit near signages outside the nationalized lender Bankia bank headquarters in Madrid, where protesters have camped out for several days, October 26, 2012.
Governor Eliot Spitzer continued his tour of the Central New York area Thursday.
Bethesda has dated the impending DOOM 3 BFG Edition, announcing 19 October 2012 for the upscaled shooter.
Adam Lambert shares surprise kiss/lick with his cute bass player; talks to ``ET'' about his first solo tour.
The body found off Boca Grande has been identified, according to Florida Fish and Wildlife.
Wintry weather knocked out power in the Billings area Thursday night and more snow was in the forecast.
The Food Bank for Monterey County has received a $5,000 grant from the Barnet Segal Charitable Trust for unrestricted support of its emergency supplemental food assistance programs.
MADRID, Spain Real Madrid has fired Bernd Schuster two days after the German coach said it would be ''impossible'' for the two-time defending Spanish champion to win against Barcelona next Saturday.
Kate Hudson has revealed that she once stalked a man she was desperate to date.
Egyptian activists have called a mass rally in Cairo on Friday against the army's handling of protests that killed 17 people and drew international criticism of the ruling generals.
Whitehead discusses protecting individual rights for everyone no matter their political affiliation.
Cougars great and former Saints player Steve Gleason should be released from the hospital Tuesday afternoon.
What do newspaper front pages tell us about the status of women in journalism and public life today?
Summerside police have charged a 24-year-old man with break and enter into a dwelling, possession of stolen property, and breach of probation.
An Iraq war veteran assigned to the 2nd Brigade, 1st Armored Division is seeking a discharge from the Army as a conscientious objector, arguing that his religious convictions have evolved in such a way that he can no longer take up arms.
Both Air Products and Linde have joined forces to create 'Hydrochlor'; a 50:50 joint venture to supply high-purity anhydrous hydrochloric acid to the electronics and other industries.
OneRepublic rock band drummer Eddie Fisher is accused of attacking his girlfriend and forcing his way into a bathroom where she had taken refuge, tearing a sink cabinet from the wall, according to an arrest report.
Two police officers rescued two women and an infant who got caught in a rip current off the coast.
A FELTHAM scout group is holding a car boot sale on Monday May 2 to support the activities it provides for local youngsters.
Apple released today iPhone OS 4 beta 3 to developers.
For the first time, widows in the sacred town of Vrindavan celebrated Holi with colors.
Kathy Ritvo is the trainer of Mucho Macho Man that might be a favorite for the Kentucky Derby.
AstraZeneca said Wednesday it will buy French drug developer Novexel for $350 million upfront, while also striking a deal giving Forest Laboratories development rights to Novexel's potential antibiotic booster.
Los Angeles - Jeff Hanneman, a founding member of Slayer whose career was irrevocably changed after a spider bite, has died.
US actor Matt LeBlanc believes people think he's 'stupid' because he played Joey in Friends.
Great Falls firefighters will be donning ``Care Enough to Wear Pink'' shirts during the week of October 4th -- 8th to show support for National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
But with a combined age of 110, Debbie Harry and Sinead O'Connor appear to have lost their way a little on the style front.
The Spokane Valley Police Dept. is investigating a possible luring incident near the area of Sprague and Conklin Road on Monday afternoon.
The Bulgarian nationalist party Attack condemned the act of burning the Bulgarian national flag by Italian football fans and expressed indignation with the fact the Bulgarian police arrested several Bulgarian fans, who attacked the Italians after their actions, instead of defending the national flag.
Cyprus exports towards other EU member states and third countries increased by 32% during the first two months of 2011, compared to the same period last year, according to data released today by the Statistical Service.
The National News Agency reported on Monday that Justice Minister Ibrahim Najjar received a copy of the Syrian amnesty law from Secretary General of the Lebanese-Syrian Higher Council Nasri Khoury.
Crime Stoppers is asking for help locating fugitive Michael Russell, who is wanted on several Greene County warrants including burglary, resisting arrest and others.
US new home sales surged in July, rising 9.6 percent over the previous month's rate, the US Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
London Mayor Boris Johnson said he was lost in admiration at the achievements of Team GB, after receiving the Olympic flag in Beijing.
HILLARY Clinton will visit Indonesia on her first overseas trip as US Secretary of State because she wants to ``reach out'' to the Muslim world.
Reliance Industries Ltd is in talks to lease out its shuttered retail petrol pumps to state-run Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd, the Business Standard reported on Thursday.
``Tired of sifting through free websites, web design, web hosting, website templates and website builders to learn how to build a website?''
Tewksbury Town Clerk, Denise Graffeo, would like to notify voters that Absentee Ballots are now available at the Town Clerk's Office for the April 6, 2013 Annual Town Election.
The latest story from the weird and wonderful world of trademark litigation comes from Sony Ericsson, which has sued Clearwire, claiming its logo is confusingly similar to the handset maker's own green swirl, which it unveiled with much fanfare a decade ago.
New home sales fell for a second straight month in June to a 17-month low, as rising interest rates continued to erode demand.
Fire officials say a fire at a law office in Allentown has been ruled arson.
Vice President Joe Biden is making his first major foray into the 2012 presidential campaign in politically crucial Ohio.
THREE Ballarat fishermen lost at sea at the weekend have returned home to their families.
Semiconductor maker STMicroelectronics has launched of 'ST New Ventures', its corporate venture capital fund currently under incorporation.
Social networking giant Facebook has introduced Home, the new software that the company claims will turn Android phones into living, social phones.
A nine-year-old girl killed by a school bus was just metres from her Ingleburn home when she was hit.
A 52-year-old man from Galloway Township told Officer Tim Canale that several shots were fired at his vehicle from another vehicle at 11:44 pm Nov. 11 when he drove on Fire Road, then turning on Sawmill Road.
Chemtura Corporation, debtor-in-possession, today announced a long-term strategic sourcing agreement with global specialty chemicals company Albemarle Corporation.
The Sharks, rich in experience and Springboks but short of tactical nous, played dumb rugby when it mattered most to lose 23-21 to the Free State Cheetahs deep in injury time of their Currie Cup semi-final at King's Park on Saturday.
Gov. Chris Christie has released an economic plan for New Jersey that aims to target specific geographic areas and industries for growth and development.
Extremely popular First Lady Michelle Obama joined her husband's fight for health care reform today, giving a press conference in which she called the current US health care system ``unacceptable'' and emphasized the crucial role women have to play in improving American health.
The Sensex continues its northbound journey as intense buying is being witnessed in index pivotals.
The US dollar rose against major currencies on Friday amid mixed earning reports and weak Britain's gross domestic product data.
The Fitch ratings agency has upgraded Greece out of ``restricted default'' after Athens carried out the biggest debt writedown in history in a bond swap with private creditors.
Three people killed in a fiery head-on car crash near Florence have been identified.
Inter Milan striker Adriano has escaped a possible two-game ban after scoring the opener with his arm in Sunday's 2-1 win over AC Milan.
Clashes erupted again between the army and M23 rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, the restive region where fighting has been flaring all week, the two sides said.
Duke Energy has declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.245 per share.
Bank of America refinance mortgage rates have been under 5% for most of 2011 and many Americans stand to benefit greatly by starting the process on March 8.
Arson ends Tasmanian tree sit Updated: 07:25, Tuesday March 12, 2013 Police have reportedly confirmed that a deliberately-lit fire was behind a record-breaking Tasmanian anti-logging activist being forced from the tree that was her home for 15 months.
Pierre Thomas says he is ready to play and contribute in Week 3, according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune.
Novartis AG said Friday it has produced a first batch of experimental swine flu vaccine, a day after the World Health Organization declared the disease a pandemic.
Mass. Sen. Brown says he'll vote against fundraising bill because it changes rules mid-game
SHADOW chancellor George Osborne set out Tory plans for the Welsh economy today and accused Labour of lacking ambition.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed during a speech in Washington Thursday evening, officials told ABC News.
Republican President Michael Sata has described as useless a letter written to him by UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema dated 27th December, 2011 with regards the opposition leader's Kabulonga house, NO. F/488A/14/A/3.
Scribblenauts Unlimited will be a launch day title for the Nintendo Wii U, releasing alongside the console on November 18th, developer 5th Cell announced today.
``There is no 'aarakshan' in Hindi film industry. Rather I would say that film industry is big example of national integration,'' Amitabh told reporters at a radio station here yesterday as he talked about Aarakshan, Prakash Jha's forthcoming film dealing this very topic.
Amy Winehouse has been arrested by police over an alleged assault that took place on Wednesday.
A development group says Indiana's life sciences industry employs 55,000 workers paying average wages of more than $88,000 per year.
More importantly, he endorsed Newt Gingrich for President, and gave some interesting reasons for doing so.
Vice President Joe Biden surprised MSNBC host Chris Matthews with a birthday cake on Friday to celebrate the longtime host's 65th birthday.
On Monday, an academic freedom bill, SB 893, passed the Tennessee State Senate by a vote of 25-8.
New Jersey Nets forward Sean Williams was arrested at Boston College last weekend for allegedly violating a no trespassing order.
Urban will undergo throat surgery later this month, to remove a polyp which has developed on his vocal chords.
A state trooper was arrested Monday night and charged with burglary, computer crimes and breach of peace, a state police spokesman said.
A YOUNG boy was airlifted to hospital after he fell from a wall onto some railings.
Champion spinner Muttiah Muralitharan Saturday said the Bangladeshi players don't know how to play long innings although there are many talented players.
No one was injured in a car fire Monday morning east of Port Clinton, according to the chief of the Port Clinton Fire Department.
Two hundred years after the birth of Abraham Lincoln, we still seek him in words and in action, in lessons from his life, in reminders of his legend -- and in pilgrimages to the temple built in his honor.
World No. 1 Jelena Jankovic was bundled out of the Australian Open on Sunday by Marion Bartoli of France.
``I have decided to hold this training camp for openers after having discussions with the Chairman of the board, Ijaz Butt.
Kim Kardashian has revealed that she and beau Reggie Bush are `definitely' heading towards marriage, but they aren't ready to tie the knot just yet.
MIDLAND car dealership Pendragon today hailed a ``significant turnaround'' in new and used car markets as the sector bounced back strongly from recession.
AP Writer Republican Trey Grayson officially kicked off his US Senate campaign Wednesday at the high school where he once was student council president and captain of the basketball team.
Whataburger, the Texas-based fast-food provider which hopes its wares elicit cries of astonishment from its customers, announced on the Whataburger Web site that they'd be giving away free burgers Tuesday.
The Treasury Department announced Friday that it intends to sell more Citigroup Inc. shares as the agency moves toward closing out a chapter of the government's $700 billion bank bailout.
American Idol alum Danny Gokey, who famously lost his wife shortly before his Season 8 audition three years ago, is engaged to his girlfriend, Leyicet Peralta.
After the Spring Festival holiday, phone scams have skyrocketed in Beijing, up 170 percent year-on-year since February.
Harvey Hale had a season-high 17 points to help No. 11 Wake Forest beat Wright State 66-53 on Sunday.
An opinion piece on the Wall Street Journal's website that portrays convention centres as ``fancy white elephants'' was greeted with a shrug by officials at the World Trade & Convention Centre in Halifax on Thursday.
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Tuesday he is leaving office after four years as arguably the most consumer-friendly secretary that airline passengers have had.
The SIRIUS airwaves were all a-buzz today with the story that Danica Patrick had visited Stewart-Haas Racing on Monday, although the big boss himself, Tony Stewart, wasn't in attendance, but conducting another tire test.
NEW YORK -Celebrity mom Kate Gosselin says she still wears her wedding ring for her eight children, but feels a lot of failurethat the marriage is over.
Water and sewerage services provider Wannon Water has deployed a unified communications network from Microsoft and Nortel to improve staff productivity and customer service and reduce its carbon footprint.
Kottakkal Sivaraman, the veteran Kathakali artist, passed away due to old age ailment at his residence in Karalmanna on Monday, Jul 19.
Kofi Annan, special envoy of the UN and LAS, proposed formation of a government of national unity in Syria consisting of the current authorities and opposition, RIA Novosti reports.
Macedonia was heading for snap elections Wednesday after talks between conservative Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski and Socialist opposition leader Branko Crvenkovski failed to end a political stalemate, local media said.
Bindi makes her feature film acting debut in ``Free Willy:
British public sector employees will pay more in their pension fund in the emergency budget to be unveiled by Chancellor George Osborne on Tuesday.
The Canadian dollar opened at 77.51 cents US this morning, down 0.24 of a cent from Wednesday's close.
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Delaware announced today that it has signed an affiliation agreement with Pennsylvania-based Highmark Inc. that will position BCBSD to remain a strong local leader in the health care marketplace.
Drew Gooden struggled on Tuesday, finishing a loss to the 76ers with nine points, five rebounds, three assists and six turnovers in 38 minutes.
An electricity price war looks set to be declared early next month when the domestic electricity market is fully deregulated allowing the ESB to compete with its rivals on price.
Abu Dhabi Department of Transport has unveiled a surface transport master plan complemented by high-capacity metro system, high-speed trains, buses and trams besides ferries and taxis.
INTERNATIONALLY renowned blues bandleader Mike Sanchez will launch a new blues night at the Forum later this week.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said yesterday medical tests following his cancer treatment show he is in good health, but provided few additional details about an illness that has become an obsession in the OPEC nation.
The Senate voted Thursday to keep nearly $500 billion in Medicare cuts in its overhaul of the health care system, protecting the bill's major source of financing against a Republican attack.
Social activist Anna Hazare today said he would continue to keep his indefinite ``maun vrat''.
Slick roads are playing havoc with this morning commute, causing multiple accidents and slide-offs throughout the metropolitan area.
American artist Christina Aguilera was arrested in Los Angeles on early Tuesday morning on a misdemeanor charge of public intoxication, police said.
Teen admits role in slayings of 2 upstate NY boys One of two teenage boys accused of killing two other teens has pleaded guilty in upstate New York.
Intel has agreed to change some of its practices to settle a federal antitrust lawsuit alleging a decade of abuse.
Alert) has announced that Banc Sabadell has deployed Infoblox appliances for core network services, including internal and external domain name resolution and IP address assignment, and configuration file distribution services for supporting the bank's voice over IP application.
Apple claims to have sold a million of its new iPhones in three days, but that doesn't mean a million people now have one.
Former Playboy Playmate and reality TV personality Holly Madison now has plans to adopt. Picture:
The official data released on Thursday, Jul 22 revealed that the food price index fell to 12.47 percent compared to 12.81 percent in 2009.
Australia switched on its biggest radio telescope on Friday, preparing the way for the mammoth Square Kilometre Array that will be shared with South Africa and New Zealand.
Gunmen on Sunday kidnapped a Polish engineer in northern Pakistan, and shot dead his two drivers and a security guard during the abduction, police said.
Michael Douglas has revealed he was ``bowled over'' when he met wife Catherine Zeta Jones for the first time.
Delhi Metro services will stop three hours before the normal time of 11 pm on Tuesday next on account of Diwali.
Crude oil fell for a fifth day on the NYMEX, to the lowest price in almost eight months on signs of an economic slowdown in the US and China.
SITE Ltd issued legal notices to of KESC for cancellation of 8 plots lease in the jurisdiction on the non-payment of more than 100 million rupees dues.
The Tampa Bay Rays, looking to bolster their bullpen this offseason, signed right-handed reliever Lance Cormier on Friday to a one-year, $675,000 contract.
While that rumor hasn't materialized, eBay has now admitted that they may sell off Skype later this year.
Matt Mitcham says London could be his diving swan song but the reigning Olympic 10m platform champion will see how his title defence pans out before deciding his future.
Tish Cyrus, mom to Miley and wife of Billy Ray Cyrus says her family's bonds are strong and that they are a solid family unit.
NBA sources confirm the Houston Rockets claimed guard Jeremy Lin, who was placed on waivers by the Golden State Warriors on Friday.
MILWAUKEE Jae Crowder had 20 points and 12 rebounds, helping No. 15 Marquette rally from a sluggish first half to beat Seton Hall 66-59 on Tuesday night.
A beloved Somerville day camp facility that closed down in 2007 after 30 years is reopening to the public this summer, and special-needs individuals will be the beneficiary.
``The Hills Are Alive'' with a Perennial Favorite at Fillmore Central School--
India will soon join a select space club by launching two dedicated satellites in polar orbit to study climate change through atmospheric research and detection of greenhouse gases, Indian Space Research Organisation chairman G. Madhavan Nair said Sunday.
Two northern Wisconsin middle schools will receive awards of excellence next month, according to state superintendent of public instruction Elizabeth Burmeister.
Microsoft Corp. announced today that Microsoft and Research In Motion have signed a patent licensing agreement that gives RIM broad access to the latest Extended File Allocation Table for certain BlackBerry® devices of RIM.
A BURNLEY amateur dramatic club may be forced to drop the town's name out of its title after 80 years.
With damage estimates from a February storm that pounded Oklahoma topping $8.7 million, Governor Mary Fallin is requesting a major disaster declaration.
MONTRÉAL, QUÉBEC-- - - Yesterday, during the seventh edition of the Tremblant Forum on Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Bombardier and Cascades--recipients of a Québec Prize of Excellence in Corporate Citizenship in 2010 and 2009, respectively--announced a groundbreaking collaborative agreement on corporate social responsibility.
A 46-year-old Sarnia man faces impaired driving and open liquor charges after being stopped by Chatham-Kent OPP Monday afternoon near Highway 40 North.
FOOTBALL ace Derek Riordan was today fined £800 for hurling homophobic abuse at bouncers who threw him out of a nightclub.
German Metro Group, who locally operates Metro Cash &Carry and Real hypermarkets, posted sales worth EUR 1.83 billion in Romania last year, down by 3.5 against 2009.
Murdoch tweets apology to Hugh Grant Updated: 05:53, Saturday October 20, 2012 News Corp boss Rupert Murdoch has tweeted an apology to actor Hugh Grant over a comment about his daughter.
Rapper Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge in New York, after falling $106,000 behind in payments.
ROBBERS have abducted the son of a female victim following the arrest of one their gang members by the police in Delta State.
The German chemicals and pharmaceutical giant Bayer posted Wednesday a 44 percent drop in first quarter net profit, owing mainly to poor results from its chemical division.
After an eighth place finish in the Kentucky Derby, Stately Victor is working towards the Belmont Stakes.
But this week, the 18-year-old Bishop Grandin High School student will put his automotive skills to the test as part of provincial skills competitions.
The City of Penticton is moving forward with a feasibility study on the possibility of generating their own power.
At a private funeral in the northern Chicago suburbs where he often set his movies, filmmaker John Hughes was remembered as a poet, a friend and a family men.
The Chairman of the Senate standing committee on foreign affairs and Head of PML Salim Saifullah Khan has strongly condemned the arrest of the Pakistani student in Chile, saying that the conspiracy against Pakistan should be stopped.
CAIRO ― An official says a Canadian man reportedly detained in Libya on suspicion of spying on a planned BP offshore drilling project can now leave the country.
In her article titled, ``Counties sue Harry & David over false packaging,'' Mail Tribune journalist Teresa Ristow states that district attorneys from Yolo, Fresno and Sacramento counties have filed a complaint in Fresno County claiming Harry & David's packaging suggests there's more product inside than there really is.
A £4.7M housing development built on the site of five run-down blocks of council flats in Grantham was opened this morning.
Shortly after the premiere of the new season of ``Two and a Half Men'', Ashton Kutcher upsets CBS producers with hidden publicity, New York Daily News reports.
New Delhi, July 19 UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee was more than confident of getting more votes than expected in the presidential polls just after the voting ended Thursday, even stating he would get ``many more'' votes this time.
A great grandmother who fell over and cut her head has spoken out about her ``worry'' after waiting two hours for an ambulance.
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on Wednesday that all illegal Rohingya migrants would be deported to their home country in accordance with international practice on human rights.
The euro fell against the dollar Tuesday ahead of a key European Central Bank meeting later this week.
Japan is considering building its own fighter jets after years of playing second fiddle in a US construction partnership, a report said Thursday, in a move likely to stoke fears of its military resurgence among Asian neighbours.
Award-winning Broadway veteran Andrew Lippa has been named the inaugural Composer in Residence of the musical theatre program at Texas State University.
Advertising holding company WPP Group said December 30 that it acquired Blue State Digital, a firm best known for its work on the Obama for America presidential campaign.
A Macon pastor plans a Tuesday afternoon march against crime in the Lynore Estates neighborhood.
Sindh Governor Dr Ishratul Ibad has said that action against extortionists would continue in Karachi and law enforcement agencies have been tasked to provide protection to traders.
GameFly has just released an iPhone app making much of the rental service's functionality readily accessible on the mobile device.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper visited the newly-constructed OtterBox ® headquarters during a trip to Northern Colorado on Oct. 6.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.82 cents US this morning, down 0.05 of a cent from Monday's close.
Saint Louis Crisis Nursery, an agency that provides a place for children of families in crisis, raised more than $300,000 at their annual Razzle Dazzle Ball on March 3.
Author Iain Banks has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and has said that it is ``extremely unlikely I'll live beyond a year''.
A Girard Township man was seriously injured today when he fell about 40 feet from a tree, state police said.
For the third straight year, Lakota West High School will stream regular season football games live on the internet.
Commercial farmers could become extinct in the near future, Agri SA deputy president Theo de Jager said on Monday.
Former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue was honored this week for his efforts to promote diversity in hiring in pro football.
Legendary rocker Robert Plant has revealed that he is in no hurry to reunite with Led Zeppelin again - insisting that he is happy touring with the singer Alison Krauss.
``I am NOT pregnant,'' she told ``Extra'' at the LA launch of her signature watch collection on Tuesday night.
Sinn Fein will fight for every vote in every county throughout the island, party president Gerry Adams has vowed.
The President of the Canadian Space Agency Dr. Steve MacLean has announced his plans to leave the Agency on February 1 to assume a position in a new venture to be created by Mike Lazaridis.
Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda will honour outstanding players of Haryana who have won medals in the 16th Asian Games, their coaches and the participants of these games in a State level 'samman samaroh' to be organized on December 22 at Indradhanush Auditorium, Panchkula.
GE Transportation, a supplier to the rail, marine and mining industries, said Tuesday it will permanently cut 350 workers and temporarily lay off another 1,200 amid a sharp drop in demand.
The Eagles will host safety prospect Janzen Jackson, according to a report.
Dame Edna is everywhere promoter her new show, ``All About Me''.
Air France-KLM, Europe's biggest airline, said that its March passenger traffic fell sharply as the economic situation got worse.
Iran tightened its grip on the media on Wednesday, accusing some foreign outlets of being the ``mouthpiece of rioters'' and warning websites about their reports on the disputed presidential election.
Two young brothers from Glasgow, who had been missing since Tuesday evening, have been found safe and well.
Mr. John Dramani Mahama, the running mate to Professor JEA Mills, the flag bearer of the National Democratic Congress, has dared Nana Akufo-Addo, the presidential aspirant of the New Patriotic Party, to mount a platform and ask the electorate to assess their living condition before they decide on voting for the NPP.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday slammed the recent hike in coal prices and said that UPA-II's ``anti-people decision'' would affect the common man.
It's a few days old now but the always entertaining David Mc Williams had, as usual, an excellent grasp of why the ECB had no choice except bailing out Irish banks.
Banfield claimed the first Argentine league title in its 113-year history on Sunday, finishing top of the Apertura standings despite a 2-0 loss at Boca Juniors.
Iran could have enough enriched uranium to construct an atomic bomb this year, a noted think tank said Tuesday.
An Abu Dhabi investment fund has bought a big stake in Manhattan's landmark Chrysler Building.
Zimbabwe has benefited greatly from the smart partnership concept espoused at the Langkawi International Dialogue series, said President Robert Mugabe.
Americans have a skewed perception about their weight, often believing that they are thinner than they actually are, according to a new poll conducted by Harris Interactive and HealthDay.
A Stevenage man has been jailed by a court in North Wales after trying to blow up a petrol station.
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Anniston are set to share the stage together when the latest issue of Top Forbes Celebrity List hits the newstands.
Barry Bonds was found guilty of obstruction of justice but a jury failed to reach a verdict on three other counts that the home run king lied to a grand jury in 2003 when he specifically denied that he knowingly used steroids and human growth hormone.
Wiz Khalifa and Amber Rose announced last night at the MTV Video Music Awards that they're expecting their first child, Us Weekly reports.
An argument between two neighbors lead to a police standoff in Caseyville Monday evening.
The new conclusions will chime with many who have found that there is more than one way to satisfy a woman in bed.
The Presbyterian general assembly is to meet in Londonderry for the first time in 80 years.
When we look at the 32 2010 NFL starting QB's, a good number of interesting demographics begin to appear.
A Honolulu man in his late 30's is being held on suspicion that he allegedly hit another man on the head with a frame of a sign in a Waikiki bar Monday night.
In an effort to solve three animal neglect and abuse cases, Rescue the Animals, SPCA is offering a $500 reward in each case for information leading to the indictment and conviction of those responsible.
Charles and Camilla have arrived in Canada -- a half-hour earlier in Newfoundland.
Anthony Watts second from right at the Maroubra police station where he was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Bristol Rovers have signed Leicester City youngster Oliver Norburn on a one-month loan deal.
BankMuscat, the flagship financial services provider in the Sultanate, has launched an attractive Sayyarati auto loan campaign offering a host of features, including lower interest rates and financing up to 8 years for new as well as used vehicles.
A northeastern Pennsylvania boy is hospitalized after a lightning strike that happened just after he got off the school bus near his home.
In updating the update, ESPN's Calvin Watkins reported that Wade Phillips was seen by ``several team employees'' at the Cowboys facility Monday.
Despite being shut down for 3-4 days following a setback with his surgically repaired shoulder, Eric Chavez said Tuesday that he still hopes to be ready for Opening Day.
Pakistani and Chinese armies will hold a joint anti-terrorism military training here in China this summer, the Information Office of the Ministry of National Defense has said.
The bank that gained notoriety as the victim of convicted fraudster Jerome Kerviel says profit from corporate and investment banking, its largest division, slumped 40.6 percent in the quarter as the bank took losses disposing of 4.9 billion in collatoralized debt obligations and other risky, capital-intensive assets.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Sunday was named as 20-year-old Rifleman Samuel John Bassett by the Ministry of Defence.
A cargo vessel was stalled off Antique province after its engine conked amid rough seas, a radio report said Wednesday.
Kelly Osbourne says she wants to play alleged Russian spy Anna Chapman if a movie is made of her story.
Howard Jacobson won the Man Booker Prize 2010 for the book ``The Finkler Question'' at a glittering ceremony at the Guildall Hall in London Tuesday.
A Baldwin county coach has been suspended after administrators said he took off a belt, doubled it, and hit two students.
Washington, Jan 31 US economic growth slumped in the fourth quarter to 0.6 percent as home construction and vehicle output plunged and consumer spending cooled, US officials said Wednesday.
The last 12 months, Hollywood has been having a pajama party.
Robbers killed an Australian businessman after taking more than P1.4 million in cash and jewelry from his home in Ajuy town, Iloilo after midnight Tuesday.
Roddick was upset by Viktor Troicki 0-6, 6-2, 6-4, in the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic on Friday, the same day second-seeded del Potro won his 17th straight match, a 6-4, 6-4 victory over John Isner.
Alanis Morissette has vowed to write songs until she's ``dead'' because she becomes ``really depressed'' when she is not penning a new track.
More than 7 tons of marijuana has been seized by US Border Patrol Agents in the Rio Grande Valley area in the past week.
North Queensland captain Johnathan Thurston will be rested for six to eight weeks after it was confirmed on Monday that he has a medial ligament tear in his right ankle.
Two pools of mosquitoes collected in Corpus Christi have tested positive for St. Louis encephalitis, a viral infection that can cause brain inflammation, but there have been no reports of the disease in humans.
South Africa's current account deficit declined between the first and last quarter of 2009, said the South African Reserve Bank in its May Monetary Policy Review released in Pretoria on Thursday.
``I must admit that artists are not valued in this country and it's not just actors, it also includes painters, dancers, classical singers.
Clay County has decided to use some reserve funds in the event of a Minnesota Government shutdown.
Apple on Wednesday took administrative control of the iCloud.com domain less than a week before CEO Steve Jobs is to unveil his company's new cloud-based service.
Matt Smith is to leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013, the BBC has confirmed.
Bodies of Aasiya and Neelofar, raped and murdered in south Kashmir's Shopian district on May 29 this year, are likely to be exhumed on Sunday.
Scientists have discovered a three billion-year-old crater in Greenland believed to be the largest and oldest on the planet.
Bharti Airtel said last week that it expects the contribution of VAS to its overall revenues to double in the near future fueled mainly by new VAS and mobile data services.
University of Guelph graduate research assistants will be voting Wednesday as a result of an application for certification from the Canadian Union of Public Employees.
Chillicothe split a doubleheader Tuesday at Slippery Rock, first winning a suspended game from July 21st, 7-6, then falling to the Sliders 6-4 after taking an early 4-1 lead.
Poland's Institute of Tourism has calculated that foreign football fans spent 1.376 billion zloty in the country during Euro 2012.
A landslide buried 20 boys and four adults at a Malaysian orphanage Saturday where scores of rescuers were digging by their hands in soil softened by the rains to find the missing, police said.
HeidelbergCement and Italcementi signed a licensing agreement for joint use of a series of cement and photocatalytic binders developed by Italcementi and the TX Active photoactive cement brand.
AP May 27, 2010 06:16:30 AM Dozens of World War II-era ships are crossing the English Channel to mark the 70th anniversary of the Dunkirk evacuation.
Rupert Murdoch has filed for divorce from his third wife, Wendi Deng Murdoch, saying their 14-year marriage had ``broken down irretrievably''.
``Work is a right, gang of thieves,'' was the slogan with which the Tunisian revolution started on December 17, 2010 in Sidi Bouzid.
Belkin has unveiled a new brand identity committed to creating people-inspired products.
Giovanni Trapattoni has left Sunderland winger James McClean OUT of his squad to play the Czech Republic at the end of the month.
Will Smith has revealed that he and wife Jada Pinkett Smith have an open marriage and often talk about having sex with other people.
Bomber Joe Daniher has knee surgery Updated: 16:34, Thursday December 20, 2012 Essendon's much-vaunted new draftee Joe Daniher has had knee surgery, the AFL club has confirmed.
Green shoots Spurs past Timberwolves 104-94 A nationally televised game with Commissioner David Stern in the house, and there sat Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili.
I read your response regarding smoke-odor elimination, and I am surprised that you did not refer the writer to a dry cleaner who had an ozone machine to remove the smoke odor.
The former Vice President, Dick Cheney was rushed to hospital on Friday, it has not yet been confirmed what the exact health problem is but it could be related to previous heart problems.
The NTBPE provides an alternative to traditional in-line failover solutions, by also allowing intelligent upgrades of network appliance functionality without disrupting network connectivity.
Tuqiri edging closer to NRL return Updated: 20:31, Wednesday May 8, 2013 Former dual international Lote Tuqiri says he's not ready to hang up his boots just yet and revealed his frustration at not being able to help the struggling Wests Tigers find some form.
For the first time since 1984, soccer will make a return to Wrigley Field when Italy's AS Roma and Poland's Zaglebie Lubin play an international friendly on July 22 at 2:30 pm
In Pakistan underworld, a cop is said to be a king A corrupt, low-level cop with a healthy dose of street smarts rises to control hundreds of illegal gambling dens in Pakistan's largest city.
State Street swung to a profit in the second-quarter, helped by higher investment management and servicing fees.
Karzai defends Harry over comments Updated: 04:57, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Afghan President Hamid Karzai has defended Prince Harry over 'crass' comments he made about killing Taliban fighters when he served in Afghanistan.
Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev today began their joint fast against the UPA government on the issue of corruption at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.
Texans donate to get the homeless off the streets.
ROGER Federer praised Rafael Nadal yesterday after the Spanish king of clay clinched the Queen's Club crown.
Nationals right-hander Tim Redding had surgery to repair a bone in a joint on his left foot Friday and is expected to be ready for the start of spring training.
The first cycling path was opened in Yerevan today upon the initiative of the Kanachastan NGO and the Yerevan City Hall.
Hyderabad, the capital city of Andhra Pradesh, located on the banks of the Musi river in the northern part of the Deccan Plateau, has again shown the way.
SPANISH striker Xisco has been backed to bring more goals to Newcastle after scoring on his United debut.
Port Adelaide onballer Travis Boak says AFL players are using umpires as a screen to get away from taggers.
Beer batter gives fried onion rings rich golden color and a faintly malty taste.
The economic tsunami that is fast approaching our shores is going to be BIG.
Journalist Jane Scott, who covered pop music at the Cleveland Plain Dealer for more than four decades before her 2002 retirement, died July 4 in Cleveland after a long illness.
Barclays downgraded Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC from Equalweight to Underweight, price target lowered from $15 to $9.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for 'biggest trade deal' in history between EU and US ahead of the G8 summit.
/ Scott Nathan photo Chick-fil-A opened its doors Thursday, May 23, in Rehoboth Beach, which had people from all over the state, as well as New Jersey and Pennsylvania, lined up overnight waiting to get their chicken fix.
A real estate listing service said Baltimore area homes prices fell 13.5 percent in April, the steepest drop in more than a decade.
Adult catering courses are among those facing funding cuts as the government plans to reduce budgets by an average of 16 per cent to further education colleges.
Fire destroys a Lone Grove furniture store, and again firefighters say a space heater is to blame.
TOKYO -China beat South Korea for the first time Wednesday, winning 3-0 at the East Asian Championship.
An Air Force Reserve lieutenant colonel who works with US Central Command in Tampa as a civilian has been arrested in Orlando.
A SOMERSET hotel has changed hands.
A BRITISH yachtsman has sailed into the record books to become the first sailor ever to circumnavigate the globe solo through the icebound Arctic.
Georgia accused Russia of breaking a ceasefire on Wednesday by sending troops from breakaway South Ossetia into Georgia proper but Russia denied any incursion.
The Associated Press Pittsburgh Pirates reliever Joel Hanrahan will miss the start of the regular season because of an injured right elbow and there is no timetable for his return.
America may have invented the Internet, but more than 100 million American lack access to broadband and its accompanying economic benefits, according to a new report from the Federal Communications Commission.
In a brief statement issued in the wake of today's findings by the FIA's International Tribunal, Mercedes accepts its decision and announces that it will not appeal.
The new set of local leaders for Quezon City, led by mayor-elect Herbert 'Bistek' Bautista, have been proclaimed on Tuesday afternoon.
News Minute: 'Don't Ask Don't Tell' repealed Roger Federer has pulled out of the Shanghai Masters next month to rest ``nagging injuries'' and ensure a six-week break.
A Taumarunui man is lucky to be alive after falling up to 10m from a bridge.
Heron Irrigation, part of parent company Heron Lawn and Pest Control, is announced as the preferred local provider of Palm Coast irrigation by PreferredLocalBusiness.tv.
KATE Moss has posed naked for boyfriend Jamie Hince in a series of sexy black and white images.
Viacom is seeking to revive its lawsuit against YouTube over alleged unauthorized posting of Viacom content on the video-sharing site between 2005 and 2008.
A young tiger killed by poachers near Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Norfolk Southern Railway has been ordered to pay damages to a Tennessee whistleblower who was fired after he reported an injury on the job.
The Pirates introduced their 1st round selection and UCLA pitching product Gerrit Cole on Saturday.
German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz today launched ``SLK 350``, a two-seat sports car, in India at a price of Rs 61.90 lakh.
A lawyer said Wednesday that his client will testify that he was sexually abused by former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky, and Pennsylvania state lawmakers are starting to plan for a special commission that will examine the legal issues raised by the child sex-abuse scandal.
A man allegedly linked to a Pittsfield homicide has denied felony drug charges from another case.
Stocks pared earlier gains and were lower at midday.
The Columbia College softball team lost 2-1 to Belhaven University on Saturday at the NAIA national softball championships at Wilson Morgan Park in Decatur, Ala.
Milk production decreased in New York in May according to the United States Department of Agriculture National Agricultural Statistics Service.
AN AMBITIOUS festival celebrating the cultural heritage of the North-East aims to unite the whole region this summer.
British Airways launches its great big sale with thousands of flights in all cabins to over hundred worldwide destinations, and hundreds of holidays for various travel departures.
Ancient Rome has risen from the ruins thanks to a new version of Google Earth that lets you tour the city on your computer in 3D.
A state district judge has convicted a Clinton alderman on a misdemeanor charge of interfering with a law enforcement investigation.
Six NFL players have been suspended for four games each after taking banned substances which could act as masking agents for steroids, the NFL said on Wednesday.
Torch for the city celebration of the Olympic sailing was kindled here Saturday night at the launching ceremony of the Olympic sailing regatta.
When Washington authorities couldn't find a place for a high-risk sexual predator to live after his release from prison, they told him to sleep under a bridge.
Oracle announced Tuesday that it plans to buy e-commerce vendor Art Technology Group for about US$1 billion.
A prisoner died in Azerbaijan, Nizami district Prosecutor's Office told APA.
Lyricist-filmmaker Gulzar will be honoured with excellence in cinema award by South Asian Cinema foundation this year.
Asian Tour honorary member KJ Choi is ready to roll out the red carpet for his guests when he returns home to host his own Asian Tour tournament, the CJ Invitational Hosted by KJ Choi next week.
With massage centres in and around Hyderabad being used for flesh trade, Hyderabad police has banned massage parlours where female employees massage male customers.
Tuesday's bleak reports on the state of US and European manufacturing confirmed that a global recession has already begun.
Rush Limbaugh is still waiting for Apple CEO Steve Jobs to help him out with a couple of issues he's having with his many Apple Macs.
Qualcomm has entered into a collaborative agreement with SEMATECH to advance CMOS scaling and assess new technologies.
AP © Enlarge photo A promoter has denied that he pushed Michael Jackson to rehearse for his ill-fated comeback concerts, refuting testimony by the singer's longtime make-up artist and stylist.
What exactly is engine screech when it relates to jet engines?
Frith Banbury, one of the British theatre's most respected directors, has died at the age of 96.
She's set to be immortalised as a cartoon character in her latest conquest.
Tennessee area Facebook users are changing their profile pics to cartoon characters in order to gain awareness of child abuse.
Toronto police are cracking down on distracted drivers in a six-day, province-wide campaign that began Monday.
A man was shot in the neck on a Washington Heights street early Saturday morning, fire officials said.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee has told Hearts to stop playing games and make an offer if they want to sign striker Chris Porter.
Arran children brought a Roald Dahl book to life and, in only a few hours, had performed a play in front of family and friends at Brodick library.
US investor Warren Buffett has built a $1 billion stake in Munich Re, boosting his insurance holdings by taking a 3% stake in the world's biggest reinsurer.
Australia has asked Pakistan to effectively clamp down on terror camps operating inside its territory in order to win Indias confidence.
Former Clemson University All-American DJ Trahan made the cut at the Masters today with a second-round 73 for a two-day total of 1-over par 145.
Ukraine canceled the ban on imports of legumes from the European Union and Egypt, imposed in May of the current year at the outbreak of epidemics of coliform bacillus E.coli in the EU.
Authorities say a 26-year-old man has drowned at an east Georgia lake.
QI HAVE a fatty liver and have been told to lose three stones.
Mark Webber stood defiant on Sunday after ignoring repeated orders not to try to overtake Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in the closing laps of the British Grand Prix.
PC and hardware distributor Tarsus believes that the need for upgradability in the PC world is dead.
Richmond County RCMP are investigating a break and enter which resulted in the theft of two firearms as well as various tools.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor speaks at Pace Law School Supreme Court nominees never again get the kind of attention that comes during the confirmation process, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said Monday in a question-and-answer session with law students.
Each report, developed by committees of parents, teachers and students at both schools, found more advantages than disadvantages.
Students from seven schools across the country have launched petitions on Change.org in the past 48 hours demanding the removal or prevention of Chick-fil-A franchises on their campuses following this week's media blitz over the fast food chain's public stance against same-sex marriage.
Venezuelan authorities have destroyed more than 30,000 illegal firearms as part of an effort to combat soaring crime.
The Reserve Bank and market regulator SEBI on Wednesday finalized guidelines for currency futures.
A 33 year-old Athlone drug dealer has been jailed for seven years after Mullingar Circuit Court heard last week that he had been found in possession of over €18,000 worth of drugs.
Jenna McCorkell produced the best performance of her life at the World Figure Skating Championships in Turin at the weekend, finishing 14th overall after a flawless free programme.
Amanda Bynes is fed up of getting messages from 'ugly' people and feels like she is being 'punked'.
Danny Pudi has joked that he wants Community to feature an episode based on ninjas.
This summer, the Pentagon will salute them, marking June as gay pride month just as it has marked celebrations honoring racial or ethnic groups.
House GOP Leader John Boehner offered a concession on tax cuts, suggesting Republicans would accept a two-year extension of all the Bush-era tax breaks rather than the permanent extension they have been seeking.
LOAN signings Wayne Bridge and Sotirios Kyrgiakos return for Sunderland but Nicklas Bendtner cannot play against his parent club.
A brand new poster and title banner for The Nutcracker in 3D has been released by Cinemarket Films.
Pop star Lady Gaga has revealed that she suffered trauma while abusing cocaine and alcohol as a youngster.
Ruud Gullit has been sacked by Terek Grozny after just five months in charge of the Russian Premier League outfit.
About 39 minutes ago, TMZ.com reported and Zennie62.com echoed that Actress Lindsay Lohan failed a drug test given last week.
As hard as it is to believe Britney Spears and fiancé Jason Trawick are apparently trying for a baby.
India's Saina Nehwal crashed out of the women's singles second round of the Denmark Open badminton with a 19-21, 13-21 loss to Tzu Ying Tai of Chinese Taipei at Odense Thursday.
Elyria-based Invacare on Thursday reported improved earnings and sales growth during its third quarter.
A Williston man, injured last week in a dirt bike accident, died Friday from his injuries, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
Bode Miller was assured of his second overall World Cup title in four years after his closest challenger decided not to ski in one of the final two races of the season.
The Corning -Painted Post school board unanimously approved a proposed $87.7 million dollar budget tonight.
On March 25 American rapper 50 Cent released an official music video for his song ``We Up'' featuring Kendrick Lamar on his VEVO YouTube channel.
Eastern China's Shagang has raised its May ex-works prices of hot rolled coil by RMB 200/tonne, and plate by RMB 300/t.
A WORKSHOP in Cirencester on improving relationships could help those looking for love this Valentine's Day.
HEAVY drinkers are taking a toll on their colleagues, forcing them to work longer and harder while costing the Australian economy over $400 million each year.
Big Brown, the odds-on favorite, won the Kentucky Derby 134 on Saturday, continuing his undefeated record.
A new program from Gold Star Chili helped a returning soldier reconnect with his friends and family Friday night.
Geocoding is set to open up new avenues of customer insight in Australia, according to Ian Holsman, who is the founder of a new Australian blog advocating the use of big data in business.
After 27 days in the Brazilian Highlands, Tyson Apostol became the ninth castaway to be eliminated from Survivor:
A woman suffered a head injury after a two-car crash in Lafayette.
NY futures continued to drop this week, with December falling 250 points to close at 49.94 cents, while March was down 312 points to close at 53.75 cents.
Team Exergy will return to the UCI Continental ranks for their third straight year in 2013, the team announced today.
An international logistics conference wrapped up in the northern Russian city of Murmansk on Thursday.
The offensives are part of an ongoing operation, which began on Saturday in an effort to secure next month's parliamentary elections.
A Qassam rocket was launched into Israel from the Gaza Strip Tuesday evening, in violation of a four-month-old ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
A father has finally been reunited with his children after the tragic shooting of a young mother by her infant's kidnapper.
Drug users and advocates are taking the City of Abbotsford to court over the city's harm reduction bylaw.
Local unemployment fell to 9.2 percent last month from 9.3 percent in September, but remained slightly higher than the 9.1 percent rate in October 2011.
A jury considering the fate of a man accused of raping a child will resume its deliberations today.
Three more Victor student athletes have committed to colleges for the fall.
President Barack Obama says US troops will stay in Afghanistan ``until the job is done''.
A Special Olympics softball team from Mahoning County is headed to Columbus Friday to compete in the state tournament.
MEA spokesperson has said India is in touch with Maldivian authorities to resolve former President Mohd Nasheed's arrest issue.
Halle Berry has been formally interviewed by the the LAPD after her nanny claimed that the Academy Award winning actresses' ex-boyfriend, and baby daddy, Gabriel Aubry, pushed her while she was holding their daughter, Nahla, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
S Ramachandra, a well-known cinematographer, died on Monday.
Crestwood Medical Center officials filed an appeal Friday with the Alabama Certificate of Need Review Board in hopes of still building Madison's new 60-bed hospital.
Andrew Croft, head of charity office space provider Can Mezzanine, said councils were not using community asset transfer laws, which allow them to sell property cheaply to the third sector, because they were worried about losing revenue.
THE Australian film industry must act like a business and abandon social realism films for melodramas like Australia and Mao's Last Dancer, says Screen Producers Association of Australia president Antony I Ginnane.
A woman returning to her home in Windward Hills found burglars inside her residence and she managed to catch one of the suspects until police arrived.
The start of the new legislative session Tuesday has lawmakers colliding with a massive state budget deficit and likely with each other.
A number of houses in Korotari, Labasa have been blown away by the hurricane force winds.
Governor Bob Riley says he is taking over the task force on illegal gambling using his ``supreme executive power''.
Dutch financial services company ING Groep said Friday that it may have to sell more assets to repay state aid, as it grapples to meet stricter banking rules and protect itself against choppy markets.
Air Zimbabwe pilots Friday ended a two-week pay-relate d strike which airline officials said had cost the national carrier more than US$5 million in lost revenue.
Circulation of The Economist has grown 3.7% worldwide, according to a press release, reaching 1,473,939 in the last year as per the latest ABC figures.
The Bank of Canada cut its benchmark interest rate on Tuesday to a historic low of 0.25 percent and made no explicit commitment to taking nonconventional measures to spur the economy even as it predicted a deeper-than-expected recession.
Monterey boys and girls dropped a pair of non-district games as the Wolves and Lady Wolves prepare for District 3-B play.
Mina Bern, one of the last living links to the once-thriving New York Yiddish theatre scene, died Jan. 10.
A recent World Health Organization report shows that China has outperformed India in improving general health conditions of its citizens during the past decade by reporting less infectious disease cases, having a wider coverage of various medical services, and seeing longer life expectancy.
The US military death toll in Iraq has hit 4,000 after the death of four soldiers in a Baghdad bomb attack which the White House said on Monday had left President George W. Bush grieving.
Firefighters in a Vermont city said a hotel had to be evacuated in the middle of the night after a guest plugged a European DVD player into an American electrical outlet.
For the third straight year, Huntsville has received the highest ratings from Standard & Poor's and Moody's.
Levi Johnston, the Wasilla teenager planning to marry Gov. Sarah Palin's daughter, Bristol, has quit his North Slope oil field job over questions about his eligibility to participate in an electrical apprenticeship program, Johnston's father said today.
Disney has just acquired Tapulous, according to a report from TechCrunch today.
In an apparent bid to explain his financial assets and debunk allegations he had acquired illegal wealth, a combative Chief Justice Renato Corona declared in his opening statement at the impeachment trial today that he and his family had led a simple lifestyle despite having inherited a fortune and earned much as a lawyer.
I just got home and watched the replay, definitively goal tending and Joseph was fouled after.
Salina police reported Friday that more than $5,000 worth of items were stolen from a garage at 1417 Martin between 10 pm Saturday and 9 am Sunday.
Red Bull have threatened to protest the designs of Brawn GP, Toyota and Williams' rear diffusers unless the teams modify their cars.
A key Shreveport mayoral staffer was paid thousands of dollars for political work on behalf of a congressional hopeful who also gave $10,000 to Mayor Cedric Glover's re-election.
The Dallas Stars dumped Sean Avery yesterday, announcing that the team will not welcome its mouthy forward back from his league-issued six-game suspension, which ended Saturday.
The UID system has an inbuilt security and privacy component which ensures that information from the data bank could not be accessed except on grounds like national security, Unique Identification Authority of India Chairman Nandan Nilekani said today.
Antibiotic resistance remains a major threat to public health around the world, and for the large part, the cause is misuse of antibiotics, says the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control.
He is likely to miss Sunday's nationally televised game against the Suns at US Airways Center.
Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after accidents, injuries, assaults and discrimination at school, new figures show.
Taipei - Taiwan on Thursday pledged continued aid to Swaziland to strengthen the two countries' diplomatic ties.
A number of former employees of a firm based in Barnstaple are claiming constructive dismissal, it has been revealed.
Orlando Magic forward Rashard Lewis will play against the Charlotte Bobcats in Game 3 of their playoff series despite a sore left ankle.
A NEW shark net was installed at Bar Beach in Narooma over the weekend in plenty of time for the October long weekend.
New research by VicHealth suggests that three quarters of Victorians support a levy on alcohol and junk food advertising, with proceeds going to replace sponsorship by these industries in community sports.
British sport put soccer first, rugby and cricket a close second and third, and don't put enough resources into all other sports.
A state fisheries official said this morning that a dead shark found in Lake Guntersville last week was actually an Atlantic sharpnose shark and are more confident that it had been thrown into the lake.
A NP man plead guilty Tuesday in Lincoln County District Court before Judge Donald E. Rowlands to on count of first degree assault and possession of marijuana with intent to distribute.
Sharon Stone is being sued for harassment and wrongful termination by a former nanny who claims the actress made disparaging comments about her religion and ethnicity and fired her without reason.
Frederick police are investigating a shooting late Wednesday in the 1100 block of Key Parkway, according to a department news release.
Freddie Mac on Tuesday said it sold $3.5 billion of bills at lower rates and weaker demand compared with the most recent sales of similar maturities.
A Wainfleet man has been arrested after shooting two dogs, killing one and wounding the other.
Vice President John Dramani Mahama would lead a Government delegation to South Africa from March 23 to March 27 to hold discussions in areas of cooperation with leading South Africans.
Number of Syrian people who escaped from the violence in their country and took shelter in Turkey dropped to 7,412 on Saturday.
Fran Drescher recently seriously claimed in an interview that both she and her husband Peter Marc Jacobson were abducted by aliens in junior high.
European equities continue to offer good value for investors, according to Dave Fishwick, Head of M&G's Multi Asset management team.
Paraguay striker Salvador Cabanas regained consciousness and spoke to his family for the first time since he was shot in a Mexico City bar last week, his doctors have revealed.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak urged Israel to resume peace talks with the Palestinians where they broke off more than a year ago, warning that the peace process``can't take another failure.''
The acting chief financial officer of stricken American mortgage giant Freddie Mac has been found dead after committing suicide, according to reports.
The Dutch parliament Thursday voted in favour of the Lisbon treaty leading to a reform of the European Union.
Alan Irvine wants to see normal service resumed tonight after Preston's revival was rudely interrupted in Cardiff.
Steven Reid reveals that West Bromwich Albion teammate Liam Ridgewell went to see teen popstar Justin Bieber in concert.
Hewlett-Packard has announced that it will manufacture more TouchPads in response to ``stunning'' demand following its decision to discontinue the tablets.
Solarfun, a vertically integrated Chinese photovoltaics player, is taking steps to boost its module production capacity by nearly 30% this summer.
Another Colorado pot grower faces criminal charges after showing authorities marijuana plants he thought were permitted under the state's medical marijuana law.
A senior Iranian lawmaker said that the world economy was closely tied with the sensitive region of Persian Gulf, Iran's official news agency IRNA reported Wednesday.
A private memorial service was held Friday night for the late Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy, who died earlier this week following a year-long battle with cancer.
New bourse for currency derivatives, the United Stock Exchange of India, began operations on Monday and witnessed good volumes in the first hour of trade.
Gunfire erupted in the lobby of the storied Waldorf-Astoria Hotel during a brazen robbery attempt Saturday at an adjacent jewelry store, wounding a security guard and sending guests diving for cover.
At least 43 pastors and church members have been arrested in New York for protesting against a ban on churches from hiring space in public schools to use as places of worship.
Aston Villa secured their place in Europe next season and Hull City remained dangerously close to the relegation zone after John Carew gave the Midlanders a 1-0 Premier League victory last night.
Jason Kidd retired today from the NBA after 19 seasons, ending one of the greatest careers for a point guard in league history.
Bharti Airtel has target of Rs 400, says Jigar Shah, Sr VP & HOR, Kimeng Sec India.
Ecuadorean plaintiffs plan to file a lawsuit against Chevron in Argentina, their third legal attempt outside the Andean country to enforce a $19 billion ruling against the US oil company for pollution, a source with direct knowledge of the case said.
Johnson & Johnson announced plans to establish four regional innovation centers in major life sciences communities in the world as part of a novel approach to accelerate early innovation and enhance opportunities for collaboration and investment across its global healthcare businesses.
The Board of Selectmen at Tuesday night's tax classification hearing voted unanimously to continue the town's single tax rate, Principal Assessor Jennifer M. O'Neil said yesterday.
Several nurses last night called in sick in a suspected attempt to register their disappointment over the Government's handling of their reclassification.
Actor Aaron Smolinski will be appearing at the Coolwaters Booth this weekend at the San Diego Comic Con which takes place July 22nd - 25th at the San Diego Convention Center.
Dry weather and soaring mercury have caused several forest fires in Himalayan region of Garhwal and hills near Kotdwara.
Chief Minister Jagdish Shettar said the BJP believes in decentralisation of power to cater to the needs of people in every nook and corner of the state.
Woman charged with Mount Isa murder Updated: 21:25, Monday December 24, 2012 A 29-year-old woman will spend Christmas behind bars, accused of murdering a man at Mt Isa in northwest Queensland.
IGEL customers now able to leverage IGEL's support of Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization 3.0 to deploy distributed high-performance, scalable and secure virtual desktop solutions.
Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG said Wednesday that it has decided not to extend its $51.00 per share cash tender offer for US-based genetic diagnostics company Illumina Inc., in view of the apparent re-election of the incumbent directors of Illumina.
MELBOURNE, Australia & MENLO PARK, Calif. ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals Limited announced today that it has appointed Mr. Thomas DeZao to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.
French business sentiment plunged in October to its lowest level in three years, as company order books in the euro zone's second largest economy grew slimmer and the general outlook deteriorated, the national statistics bureau said Tuesday.
A man died after he fell about 100 feet from a rope swing in Day Canyon in Grand County on Sunday evening.
A Janesville man is suing the city after a street sweeper crashed into his garage.
Fire engines roll to fight the Lockheed Fire on Thursday morning from Davenport.
Former Obama administration chief of staff Rahm Emanuel has made his bid for the mayor of Chicago official.
The four striking freight unions would announce their decision on a revised wage offer at a press briefing in Boksburg on Friday, the Professional Transport Workers Union said.
Two housewives and a schoolgirl allegedly committed suicide while a middle-aged woman was hacked to death on Friday and the day before.
Wes Welker is surprised by the strong, hopeful reaction to his return to practice just four months after major knee surgery.
A 13-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a minor in Madiyaon area here, police said on Sunday.
A Chicago lender plans to sell 15 Value Place hotels, including three in the Kansas City area, to settle business debts tied to developer and banker Donald H. Bell Sr.
HelloMetro, which operates over 1,500 city websites, announced today that it has chosen Maponics to provide the neighborhood and ZIP Code map data that powers its ability to offer content on a HyperLocal™ level.
Today sees the first train pulls into Mlociny metro station, completing construction of Warsaw's one and only underground railway line 25 years after digging began.
HH Sheikha Fatima bin Mubarak, Chairwoman of the General Women's Union and of the Family Development Foundation, has issued a resolution renaming the Comprehensive Centre for Family Protection to the Comprehensive Centre for Protection of Family and Childhood in Abu Dhabi.
The indigenous Arjun tank was on Saturday formally inducted into the 75 Armoured Regiment at a ceremony here, over 37 years after the project was commissioned by the government.
An East Bridgewater man is facing drunken driving charges for the second time after crashing his car into a utility pole on Pleasant Street Wednesday afternoon, police said.
An Oceanside man was arrested Thursday for allegedly setting his ex-wife's garage ablaze, causing a minor explosion at a condominium complex in Vista, authorities said.
Many of Thomasville, NC-based Stroupe Mirror Co.'s assets, including machinery and equipment, were sold during a public auction today by order of the US Bankruptcy Court, Middle District of North Carolina.
Millions of customers are switching their home and business telephone service from the Public Switched Telephone Network to Voice over Internet Protocol, or VoIP.
After eight days of nearly uninterrupted tennis, rain disrupted the men's quarterfinals at Wimbledon on Wednesday and slowed five-time champion Roger Federer's bid to extend his grass-court winning streak to 64 matches.
A Jackson man and former Madison County constable has been charged with two counts of aggravated sexual battery of a minor, according to a news release from the Madison County Sheriff's Department.
Frankie Edgar will get an immediate chance to become the UFC featherweight champion after it was announced he will fight Jose Aldo at UFC 153.
As per report published in the Financial Times, Barclays may defer bonus payments of cent percent of its board members for a period of up to three years.
Restless Heart will perform at a benefit concert for the Show Low High School SITE Council at 7 pm Saturday, March 26, at the Show Low School District Auditorium.
Southern Company said today it is increasing its annual dividend rate by 7 cents per share to $1.89 per share.
Cook, a Corsicana businessman and rancher who was first elected in 2002, filed his paperwork for re-election with the Texas Republican Party on Thursday -- the first official day for filing.
British PM has said Britain must invest in the digital future as it is fundamental to the productivity and innovative capacity of so many other sectors.
Now Brangelina are suing the British newspaper that started those claims.
Michaela Kirchgasser of Austria won a World Cup slalom on Sunday after pre-race favorites Marlies Schild and Maria Hoefl-Riesch skied out on the first run.
Belgian-French financial services group Dexia was set to announce a capital increase involving key stakeholders and the Belgian state of up to 7 billion euros on Tuesday.
A Columbia man faces a cocaine possession charge after Dothan Police arrested him over the weekend during a traffic stop.
Marcus Mumford has said that playing with Bruce Springsteen at Pinkpop festival in Holland this summer was the best day of his life.
A former Lake County Sheriff's sergeant who was terminated nearly three years ago has filed a tort claim against the county seeking $3.7 million in damages.
A former Scranton school director pleaded guilty Friday to providing alcohol to minors in Lackawanna County.
A Stephens County High School baseball pitcher and catcher are under investigation by state high school officials following an incident over the weekend in which an umpire was hit by a pitch.
Singapore is bracing itself for its worst ever dengue epidemic with infections this year already exceeding the total for all of 2012, official statistics showed on Friday.
US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Sunday for high-level discussions with Pakistani leaders to improve relations with the once terror-prone country, according to online news sources.
A GOLD Coast-based sex worker has won an anti-discrimination case against motel owners in a Queensland mining town who refused to rent her a room.
MELBOURNE, Australia BHP Billiton Ltd. will invest almost $10 billion on expanding iron ore and coal mining operations in Australia, the world's biggest miner announced Friday.
Home prices in Louisville rose by 0.2 percent in May from a year earlier, according to new figures from CoreLogic Inc. Home prices in Louisville rose by 0.2 percent in May, compared with May 2011, and increased by 0.8 percent in April compared with April 2011, according to new figures from Santa Ana, Calif.-based CoreLogic Inc., a provider of business information and analysis.
A Kansas couple that got a fireworks stand as a wedding gift is still hawking sparklers and bottle rockets from it 25 years later.
My Chemical Romance are to release previously scrapped album Conventional Weapons.
An Arkansas television anchorwoman found beaten at her home this week has died in a hospital.
``Gold bugs beware -- the bubble is finally bursting.''
Parliament was adjourned till noon on Thursday following uproar triggered by members over a host of issues including the India's vote on a UN resolution against Sri Lanka and demand for separate Telangana.
An on duty state police trooper from Troop E in Montville was involved in a minor car crash Tuesday morning.
A truck driver has died in a crash east of Holbrook after his vehicle hit a tree earlier this morning.
French MP, author of the bill criminalizing the denial of the Armenian Genocide, Valerie Boyer said she will never visit Turkey because of threats she receives, Turkish Milliyet reports.
The last three Pahang state executive councillors were named minutes before the swearing-in ceremony before Sultan Ahmad Shah this morning.
Concert producer Tom Moffatt has announced that Aerosmith is coming to Hawaii next month for two appearances.
Indian federal bond yields unwound early losses on Tuesday as fears of an early rate rise receded after data last week showed easing food price inflation and a central bank deputy governor said growth was uneven.
Clay City picked up a big homecoming win Saturday night.
Swaziland has banned protests planned for next week, Prime Minister Barnabas Dlamini said on Thursday, warning the public not to join anti-government rallies in Africa's last absolute monarchy.
New Hampshire Public Television announced cuts to its programming and staff Wednesday in anticipation of a reduction in state funding.
Julianne Moore will play former Alaska governor Sarah Palin in Game Change, an HBO movie about John McCain's unsuccessful presidential campaign.
New home sales fell in June, suffering their largest monthly decline in five years, a private survey of Australia's major residential builders shows.
The European Union is lifting its economic sanctions on Myanmar in recognition of the Southeast Asian nation's steps toward political reform, officials announced Monday.
A man who had more than 5,000 images of child porn on his computer pleaded guilty to one count of child exploitation Monday.
India on Friday introduced tourist visa-on-arrival for five countries, including Japan and New Zealand, to facilitate bonafide foreign tourists who plan their visits at a short notice, the Press Trust of India reported.
Republican governor's candidate Kenny Hulshof threatens to veto bills imposing unfunded state mandates on local government.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 18 July /Trend News corr R.Novruzov/ Chairman of the European Union calls on international community to make more efforts to solve frozen conflicts.
Thousands of shareholders sue RBS for $6 billion Royal Bank of Scotland shareholders have filed a 4 billion pound lawsuit against the company, claiming they were misled into thinking the bank was healthy just before its collapse.
A federal judge has declined to grant requests by federal officials for more time to update a plan that protects threatened delta smelt and endangered salmon species in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, but the judge did give officials the option to provide additional details.
NSW Police say a man threw petrol on an elderly woman's face then ransacked several rooms of her home.
When confronted with the obvious ties to International Socialist Organization by the AFL-CIO and unions supporting the protests in Wisconsin, the response has been ``We are not socialists!''
MidWestOne Bank is helping Iowa City area students obtain financial aid for college through a unique supplemental loan program called the Iowa Alliance Private Student Loan Program.
The National Rifle Association is endorsing John McCain for president despite its differences with the Arizona senator on gun-show rules and campaign finance restrictions.
Suzuki Motor is recalling 430,000 Suzuki and Mazda vans in Japan to fix defective air conditioners.
Egyptian protesters were gathering in their thousands Tuesday for mass marches in their campaign to oust President Hosni Mubarak, reassured by the army, which has said it will not fire on them.
Dog tale comedy `Marley and Me` remained at the top of the box office in North America this weekend as there were no new wide releases by major Hollywood studios just after the Christmas holidays.
This Saturday night will mark the end of an era, as the All Blacks play their last test at Carisbrook, before games are shifted to the Forsyth Barr Stadium from next year onwards.
US provider of physical and online access services TranZfinity has appointed Bud Waller to its board of directors.
THEO Walcott could be fit to face Manchester United on Saturday despite fears that he could have seriously damaged his shoulder in the side's defeat to Stoke at the weekend.
Luis Rodriguez will be back at second Friday night as the Padres and Washington Nationals open a three-game series at Nationals Park.
RR Donnelley will close two plants eliminating a total of 492 jobs.
AC Milan is counting on a swift return to the top level of European football, now that Ronaldinho has joined Kaka and Alexandre Pato in an all-Brazilian attack that any club would envy.
The sexual assault retrial of Jeffrey Lorne Brown of Tisdale continues this week, as the jury is brought back this afternoon.
Manchester United forward Bebe has joined Turkish side Besiktas on a season-long loan, the Barclays Premier League champions have confirmed.
The first woman to lead the Massachusetts State Police plans to retire next month.
President Arroyo is ready to make history in Philippine politics by becoming the first Filipino to become a speaker after serving as head of state.
Former Ohio judges shouldn't still be using the title of judge.
Shanghai said it overtook Singapore for the first time in 2010 to become the world's busiest container port, as the global economic recovery boosted cargo traffic through China's business centre.
City of Socorro police officers could be getting a $5 pay raise this year in the hopes to recruit and retain more officers.
GOLDCORP INC. is pleased to declare its eleventh monthly dividend payment for 2009 of $0.015 per share.
Tombs sit washed atop a levee by flood waters after a levee breach in Braithwaite, Louisiana August 31, 2012.
A former Cincinnati Police Officer has been sentenced on charges of abduction, intimidation and extortion.
Celebrity West Bromwich Albion fan Goran Ivanisevic made a frantic dash through London to see his first-ever Baggies game.
Elephants quickly learned to co-operate to solve a problem, researchers report in Monday's edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
An Obscure book, New Strong's Exhaustive Concordance, unlocks the meanings and mysteries in the Bible.
Rep. Rick Renzi pleaded not guilty Tuesday to 35 federal charges, including extortion, conspiracy, money laundering and wire fraud.
His Highness the Aga Khan, Imam of the Shia Imami Ismaili Muslims, founder and Chairman of the Aga Khan Development Network arrives in Kyrgyzstan from Tajikistan.
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani addressed a delegation of Arab leaders on the final day of a summit in Erbil, calling for increased foreign investment.
Late comedian Sam Kinison fathered a lovechild, according to DNA tests obtained by a friend who has been paying child support for the girl for years.
A COMPONENTS maker supplying the excavator market has moved back into growth after seeing its sales plunge by more than £30m as a result of the global economic downturn.Berco UK, based in Spennymoor, is now hopeful of recovering from effects of crisis in the construction market, which resulted in its annual sales dropping from £38.2m to £7.7m in the year to September 30, 2009.The firm, which also went from a profit of £1.1m to a loss of £1.1m during the same year, said it had seen an upturn in the market and has managed to get its sales back up to £15.3m in the year ending September 2010.The firm, which is part of Italian firm Berco SpA - which is in turn part of the ThyssenKrupp Group, has invested more than £75,000 in a second assembly line, which became operational earlier this year and has since increased production by 400%.
A real estate agent was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison on Friday for mortgage fraud.
Insurance broker Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. has acquired Human Resource Management Systems LLC in Naperville, Ill. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
BARCELONA, Spain -Athletic Bilbao beat Sevilla 2-1 on Sunday to extend its unbeaten run to eight games in the Spanish league and move into the European positions for the first time this season.
The IC3, or Internet Crime Complaint Center recently issued their March scam alerts and among them was a romance scam declaring a connection with the IC3.
AP-IAAbused Pigs,0119 Company: 6 charged with abuse no longer employed Eds:
CHINA on Thursday confirmed the release on bail of outspoken artist-activist Ai Weiwei, but said he was still under investigation and could not leave his home 'without permission'.
The mobile phone is the key technology of choice for the poor, having the widest reach and thus being able to penetrate the rural areas and the underprivileged, where no other basic utility does.
European shares were flat on Monday following sharp losses in the previous session, while miner ENRC jumped after a newspaper report of takeover interest.
South African bonds look set to test slightly stronger levels in the 8.20s as some big investors look for cover due to the lack of supply next week.
A record 4mn Muslims gathered for prayers yesterday on the banks of a river in Bangladesh at the climax of the largest annual Islamic event after the hajj, police said.
Marshfield residents are being asked to lock their car doors, after police say a teen tried to steal a car.
A cab driver has died after his taxi hit a tree this morning.
``Our relations with Pakistan, with other countries are guided by our national interests and Pakistan's national interests.
Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, said it had not altered its UK sales forecasts but that it was concerned about the ``depth and longevity'' of an economic slowdown in its domestic market.
After months of rumors, and denials from the company, Blockbuster has finally filed for bankruptcy.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families on Thursday until the two countries can agree on procedures, the Foreign Ministry said, a week after an American woman sent her 7-year-old adopted son back to Russia on a plane by himself.
Academy award winner Resul Pookutty wanted to win a Nobel for India in physics, but ended up winning the coveted Oscar instead.
DC United forward Jaime Moreno, the MLS' all-time leading scorer, underwent knee surgery and is expected to be ready for next season.
Cargotec has decided to donate 600 000 euros to Tampere University of Technology, which conducts forward-looking research and provides education in areas that are important to Cargotec.
Seven Pleasanton schools have been honored by a California business group for outstanding academic achievement.
Eyepartner is sponsoring a Dance 4 Charity event at the University of Rochester in Rochester, NY, to benefit the Ronald McDonald House.
AppleInsider reports that Apple is preparing to introduce cheaper Macs as soon as this spring.
Lucknow, Jan 22 Veteran socialist leader and Samajwadi Party Rajya Sabha member Janeshwar Mishra died of heart attack today in Allahabad.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was charged with assault and affray by police early on Tuesday over an alleged brawl outside a bar that left a disk jockey hospitalised with facial injuries.
Software giant Oracle today said it had acquired Tekelec, a company that makes software to manage traffic on mobile networks.
Authorities say a 27-year-old Vancouver, Wash., man has died while parachuting near Snohomish, Wash.
WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama has hailed Senate passage of an historic health care bill, saying the government is now ``finally poised to deliver on the promise'' of overhauling a troubled system.
The Comedy Store, a comedy club from UK, has tied up with Indian comedian Vir Das to host experimental comedy nights from this week at its newly acquired premises in central Mumbai.
ABS-CBN Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eugenio ``Gabby'' Lopez III celebrated his 60th birthday with the company's employees on Tuesday.
Coach Sir Alex Ferguson thinks Manchester United can become the first team to retain the Champions League trophy.
POSCO announced that it has developed a new kind of steel for electric cars that is much lighter than the product currently in use in the market.
Pyxis Mobile, a provider of mobile application platforms, has appointed Steven Levy as new CEO.
Berlin - Former cycling world champion Igor Astarloa has been banned for two years over suspicious results in connection with his biological passport, the ruling body UCI said on Wednesday.
Luxury furniture retailer Smallbone has issued a profit warning, saying that it expects figures to be ``materially below'' current market expectations.
CAR manufacturer Toyota has confirmed that it is considering cutting its working week or laying off staff at its Burnaston plant as it continues to battle the slump in new car sales.
Exxaro Resources will sell its zinc assets following a review of its existing business, commodity portfolio and growth pipeline.
``According to information of the World Bank, by results of 2011, Ukraine ranked the first in the world by the number of taxes.
After lying low for the last couple of years, actor Murali is now back.
The Senate Finance Committee passed its version of health care legislation without a public option Tuesday.
Oil slid more than 3% to below $71 per barrel Friday as a stronger dollar and data showing additional US job cuts as investors fled from risky assets like commodities.
Amanda Bynes is set to star in the ABC pilot ``Canned.''
Pakistan has released 101 Indian prisoners, mostly fishermen, as a goodwill gesture as the crucial meeting between the Home Secretaries of the countries got under way on Tuesday.
U3O8 Corp., a Canadian-based company focused on exploration and resource expansion of uranium and associated commodities in South America, has closed a first tranche of its previously announced non-brokered private placement.
Pakistan and Maldives Thursday agreed to set up 'Friendship caucus' comprising members of Parliament of both the countries to build cooperation in foreign and internal affairs, economy and industry, science and technology, socio-cultural and security related issues.
Ulster have made three changes to their starting XV for Friday's RaboDirect PRO12 game against Dragons at Rodney Parade.
Sen. Barack Obama will propose a $5 billion trust fund for Great Lakes cleanup and restoration if elected president, his campaign said Tuesday.
Texas A&M's Mark Turgeon has been named Big 12 Coach of the Year for the second consecutive season by The Dallas Morning News.
Giorgio Mammoliti is officially endorsing Rob Ford for Mayor of Toronto.
A publicist said actor Josh Hartnett was released from a Los Angeles hospital after recovering from gastrointestinal problems.
Audioboo, the platform that lets users record and share short sound files, has hired a former BBC radio expert.
An excessively strong exchange rate is a cause for concern, SA Reserve Bank governor Gill Marcus said on Thursday.
A CONVICTED drug dealer had their car crushed into an unrecognisable box of compacted metal after being found guilty of supplying class B drugs.
A man and a woman died at the Rothbury music festival in Oceana County.
A man attacked his wife with a scythe, suspecting her of extra-marital affair in Anida village of Gondal taluka on Friday.
Sixty pet oxygen masks were donated to the Boston Fire Department today by WellPet, a natural pet food company, and the Massachusetts Veterinary Medical Association Charities.
Mortgage financier Freddie Mac took a step toward issuing common stock to help bolster its balance sheet today when it completed a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sandvine, a leading provider of intelligent broadband network solutions for fixed and mobile operators, announced that it has won 12 new broadband service provider customers, spanning all geographic regions and access technologies.
Florida lawmakers are taking their first votes this year on a new state budget.
A new national campaign aimed at improving the perceptions about public housing has been launched and features a Milwaukee resident as an example of someone who is succeeding.
TURKISH media, including CNN Turkey is strongly linking Nigerian skipper Joseph Yobo, who spent the last two seasons on loan at Fenerbahce, with a summer move to Championship side Leicester City.
Command Security Corporation announced today its financial and operating results for the three months and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011.
Extremists have kidnapped 12 persons from the Landi Kotal area of Khyber Agency Friday, Geo News reported.
Earnings season kicks off today and I'll really be interested to see how things start shaking out.
Criminal charges were filed today in Sedgwick County District Court in two recent Wichita homicides.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan 30 Cuban president Raul Castro met on Thursday afternoon with his Russian counterpart Dmitri Medvedev at the latter's presidential residence in the wooded area of Zadidovo in the outskirts of Moscow.
A MAN who broke into an Ipswich soccer club to steal alcohol has been given probation.
Dominique Pegg , of the Bluewater Gymnastics Club, won a bronze medal at a gymnastics World Cup event, Sunday, in Germany.
The first annual Night of the 9 Muses fundraising gala is sure to be an evening of inspiration and giving as Torontonians gather at the sophisticated Local Company on June 15, 2011.
Crews today are continuing to clean areas affected by Friday's oil spill into the San Francisco Bay, though for the second day no oil sheen is visible on the water, a US Coast Guard petty officer said this morning.
No one was injured when an ambulance and a semi truck collided at around 1 pm Tuesday in Billings.
Tigres went four points clear at the top of the Mexican Clausura standings with a 2-1 win at 10-man San Luis.
Israeli police say shots have been fired at the Turkish Embassy in Tel Aviv, and one person was wounded.
Residents of Pudhur near Vellore locked up a new TASMAC outlet and protested against the the opening of another outlet in a residential area on Wednesday.
Widnes' Australian prop forward Ben Cross has confirmed that he will retire at the end of the season.
NEC Corporation announced that it will accelerate its service platform solutions business for push-type content delivery to enhance mobile phone services.
``I'm proud of the work that we've done in the education reform arena,'' he said, ``and it's a good first step. As we go to implement it, there may be some changes that need to be made, and that's part of the process. I look forward to working with educators over the interim to address those issues.''
The CBI has seized 11 cars belonging to BCCI chief N Srinivasan for alleged evasion of duty in Chennai, news channel CNN-IBN reported.
Rio Tinto Alcan announced plans Tuesday to spend more than US$1 billion in Canada to propel construction of two key projects in Saguenay, Que.
Microsoft has announced that they've renewed the trademark to beloved '90s fighting game series Killer Instinct.
Former Pakistan skipper Wasim Akram said that other teams seems to have caught up with dethroned champions India and mighty Australia in the on-going World Twenty20 tournament.
The February 18 elections for the National Assembly and provincial legislatures in Pakistan would cost the national exchequer a record Rs. 200 billion, according to projections by a team of journalists.
German exports slipped more than expected in April despite their highest monthly value on record in May.
He has completed nearly three decades in the film industry and has over 250 movies to his credit, but Malayalam superstar Mohanlal, who is now working in a Japanese venture, says he prefers being a director's actor to interfering in other people's work.
With a cease-fire appearing to halt most fighting, a rebel leader said on Thursday he wanted direct talks with the Congo government.
Canadian banks are heading back to the Canadian debt markets in a big way, looking to get their fundraising in a nice window of market demand.
New Zealand's World Cup-winning coach Graham Henry will lead the Barbarians against Australia at Twickenham next month.
They are holding a prescription drug take back event at the Poughkeepsie Galleria Mall next Saturday, April 27th.
One youth lawmaker is using Island Leadership Day to address the graffiti problem plaguing our island.
THE IRISH economy remained weak in the first quarter of 2011, according to figures released yesterday by the Central Statistics Office.
Bosnia's war crimes court has acquitted a former Bosnian Serb prime minister and two other suspects of crimes against humanity committed during the 1992-95 war.
The March LifeCare campus, heralded as America's Health and Wellness city, broke ground on Wednesday, June 2, as over 150 local dignitaries and community members watched.
CENTRAL Coast Mariners goalkeeper Mathew Ryan is expected to join Scottish side Rangers on trial early next week after injury delayed his arrival in Glasgow.
Baltimore Orioles crush Minnesota Twins 4-2 at the Oriole Park at Camden Yards in Baltimore, Maryland on Friday, April 6 in their regular season encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball.
Iran's foreign minister on Saturday said that Iran is producing centrifuges and their parts and it is not a secret thing, the semi-official ISNA news agency reported.
Main Aim is primed for a repeat victory in the Timeform Jury Stakes at Haydock Park today.
OAKLAND, Calif. Athletics pitcher Bartolo Colon has left his start against the San Diego Padres with an apparent injury.
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, a leading US life insurer with a 150-year history, has introduced Athena Indexed Universal Life, a new permanent life insurance policy with enhanced cash-value accumulation potential and downside protection.
A former Billings minister was arrested this morning in Oregon on a charge that he killed his wife in 1990 during a hunting trip near Red Lodge.
This large-scale storm we are seeing is causing death and destruction across much of the nation.
Ginners remained under pressure on Saturday, but the cotton spot rate remained unchanged at Rs5,200 per maund, said a dealer.
The share market closed higher for a fifth day, the longest winning streak in four months, aided by a rebound in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto.
Gaga unable to walk, and this time it has nothing to do with her towering high-heeled shoes.
The Dutch Parliament this week passed a net neutrality law, making it the first European country to prohibit Internet service providers from slowing down any kind of web traffic.
Nick Johnson is returning to the Yankees, a move that likely will end Johnny Damon's time in New York after four seasons.
There will be no re-vote, he said Tuesday, in televised remarks.
Psychological stress and anxiety can make seasonal allergy attacks worse and can cause them to linger longer, according to research presented this month at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association in Boston.
Friesan Fire will run in Saturday's Preakness Stakes after the colt finished next-to-last as the wagering favorite in the Kentucky Derby.
Six gray seals have been found shot to death on various Cape Cod beaches from Dennis to Chatham over the past six weeks.
China overtook the United States as the largest auto market in the world in January, according to data published by Chinese state media on Tuesday.
A 17-year-old girl found dead on a beach in Merseyside has been named by police.
Manny Pacquiao will face Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 7th after a long period of deliberation over who Pacquiao's next opponent would be.
After suffering a heart attack on March 14, comedian Gallagher has been released from a Texas hospital.
The Coast Guard has suspended it's search for a kayaker who apparently left his kayer, with clothing and food aboard, washed up in an area of Camp Discovery Road on east side of Dabob Bay near Seabeck.
On C-SPAN 3/17/10, Rep. Dennis Kucinich announces his intent to vote for the health care legislation.
The demands of the aided school teachers have finally been accepted by the Punjab government.
Stock futures were trading in a narrow range Friday pointing to a mixed opening on Wall Street as investors weigh recent signs of economic recovery and potential concern about inflation.
ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. today announced it has established a strategic partnership with Innovation Works Development Fund, LP and its China parallel fund .
The Andersons, Inc. announced it has signed a definitive purchase agreement to acquire the fertilizer division of Hartung Brothers, Inc. as an addition to its plant nutrient group.
THE six-member committee constituted by Chief Minister Punjab Mian Mohammad Shahbaz Sharif on minimum wages met on Saturday at the Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry.
The Nationals just announced they have signed right-hander Julian Tavarez to a non-guaranteed minor-league deal with an invitation to major-league camp.
Turkey is to expel the Israeli ambassador after details emerged of a UN report into last year's deadly raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla.
The grant will fund one-on-one foreclosure intervention counseling for residents at risk of foreclosure because they are coming close to missing their mortgage payments or already in the process of being foreclosed.
Hollywood actress Halle Berry says she loves Mother's Day as she doesn't have to plan anything.
Aliquippa defeated Beaver Falls by a score of 66-7 at Aliquippa's Carl Aschman Stadium on Thursday, October 18, 2012.
The latest operation to tap this market is fractional jet provider NetJets, which plans to launch operations in India shortly... and it doesn't plan to stop there.
Berrick Barnes re-signed with the Waratahs for another year.
A 30-year-old Tarkio man pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and armed criminal action Wednesday morning in the stabbing death of a Nodaway County man last year.
Medtronic Inc said it is recalling 6,300 implantable heart devices because the batteries in the devices drain sooner than normal.
A Midlands teacher is accused of criminal sexual conduct of an underage girl who was competing in the Special Olympics.
Facebook has launched legal action against uSocial - an Australian marketing firm that sells 'fans' and 'friends' on the social network.
A few days after Honda announced pricing for its new Insight hybrid in the United States, making it the first sub-$20,000 hybrid on the market, a report has come out of Japan that Toyota has plans for a cheap hybrid of its own.
Jaguar Land Rover has postponed its plans to build a new plant in Brazil due to the recent changes in tax rules for foreign companies.
Earlier this evening Cnet reported that one of their ``observers'' is reporting that a hacker group is planning another attack on Sony for this weekend.
Indonesia will execute the Bali bombers on death row in early November, the spokesman of the Indonesian Attorney General's Office said on Friday.
A REDDITCH father is still missing after nearly two weeks despite attempts made by police to find him.
A Rockingham County grand jury indicted a city dentist Monday on six charges stemming from an alleged prescription drug fraud case.
A 29-year-old man was fatally shot early Monday a few blocks south of Druid Hill Park, according to Baltimore police.
Americas Best Value Inn ® expanded its partnership with trucker-friendly website Hotels4Truckers.com today, announcing that all of its 1,000-plus locations in the US will now be listed on the site.
Ormco has rebranded the Damon System as Damon Smile in an effort to enhance consumer appeal and aid in increasing patient starts.
Aleris declared that it has inked 5 year deal with Airbus at the Paris Air Show to supply a wide range of aluminum alloy sheets and plates for Airbus' worldwide programs.
Showtime has officially cancelled its hit pot dramedy Weeds, starring Mary-Louise Parker.
A HOLIDAYMAKER was slashed across the face with a knife after a pub row in Llandudno.
Wipro Technologies, the global IT services division of Wipro Limited today announced its agenda for Oracle OpenWorld 2010, the world's largest and most important conference for Oracle technologists, business users, and partners.
An El Al flight en route from Tel Aviv to New York made an emergency landing in Ireland after passengers said they had smelled something burning.
Almost 400 people in 100 cars took part in a 60-kilometre eco-theme car rally organised by Chevrolet Phuket on Sunday, which took them from Saphan Hin to Phuket Aquarium.
Bodog officially exited the USA market this week, ending a run of over a decade as one of the most prominent gambling brand names in the United States.
A western South Dakota police officer who was killed in a shootout with a man during a routine stop Tuesday is from Midland.
Ambulance NB says they've changed official procedure after it took paramedics 56 minutes last week to respond to an emergency call in the Fredericton Junction area.
Former Oakland Raiders coach Bill Callahan denied allegations made by two of his former players that he ``sabotaged'' the Raiders in their Super Bowl loss to Tampa Bay 10 years ago, saying that he tried to win the game and that suggestions to the contrary were ``ludicrous and defamatory.''
An Oshawa man is in custody and facing nine charges after a domestic assault in Cobourg.
Caroline Maguire admits she can't help but look at other people's children and wonder what her own baby would have looked like now - had she survived.
Kannada actress Ramya has reportedly been dropped from Srinagar Kitty starrer movie Sanju Weds Geetha after she insulted co-artistes on the sets of the movie Just Maath Maathalli.
Sam's Club says it plans to offer free vision screenings on August 13, in all its locations that include pharmacies or optical centers.
Europe needs stronger economic policy coordination and the idea that countries can share a common currency but act independently of one another is ``false'', the International Monetary Fund chief told a German daily.
The Foreign Secretary William Hague today arrived in Mali for talks with military commanders and local politicians, just weeks after a French force routed Islamist rebels from strongholds in the north of the country.
Gwen Stefani ``really, really'' wanted a third child.
Rodney King, whose police brutality case in 1991 led to deadly riots in Los Angeles, was found dead in a swimming pool today in Rialto, California, police told CNN.
April is National Poetry Month, and this year even Oprah is getting into the act with a photo-spread of ``rising poets'' decked out in designer togs in her magazine.
Armenian and Azerbaijani delegations to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe met in Strasbourg on the initiative of PACE President Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Liberals are standing down from an election standoff with the Harper government, insisting they want to compromise over measures to stimulate Canada's sputtering economy.
Just like Argentina did in 2010, Uruguay will take a step forward in the recognition of minorities' rights when the Senate of that country addresses the gay marriage bill on April 2nd.
Oil declined as manufacturing shrank in China and the euro area, bolstering concern that fuel consumption will diminish, Bloomberg reported.
An 18-year-old Cliffside Park man died after he accidentally shot himself in the head in front of two friends while playing with a revolver in his father's Ridgefield office, police said.
An Otero County Sheriff's deputy shot a man in Chaparral, New Mexico, New Mexico state police confirm.
Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni feels that they need to be more disciplined in all three departments to win the series-decider against South Africa starting at the Newlands, on Sunday.
Major winner Adam Scott will defend his Australian Masters title this year, attempting to join boyhood idol Greg Norman as the only player to win it back-to-back, organisers said on Tuesday.
Higher prices and increasing sales of pork and prepared foods helped Tyson Foods Inc. return to a profit in its fourth quarter.
A woman died of gunshot wounds in northeast Houston Monday morning after running to a neighbor's house for help.
Rayshawn Goins scored 13 of his 16 points in the second half as James Madison held off Old Dominion 58-55 Wednesday night in the Dukes' Colonial Athletic Association opener.
Ben Ali, the founder of famed DC landmark Ben's Chili Bowl, has died at the age of 82.
China is remaining a net moly importer for the second month in a row as imports of molybdenum concentrate and molybdic oxide remained terrifically high in April.
The number of the Azerbaijani students has increased in US colleges and universities, Public Relations Officer of the US Embassy in Azerbaijan Terry Davidson said at a news conference.
Five people were killed and 19 others injured when a three-storey departmental store collapsed in Satellite Town Market here on Friday.
Sweden captain Freddie Ljungberg has quit international football to focus on playing for his club side West Ham.
Jose Mourinho will return to Chelsea with Internazionale in the last 16 of the Champions League, while David Beckham also has the chance of a reunion with Manchester United after last season's beaten finalists were drawn against AC Milan.
Iranian police fired tear gas and beat anti-government protesters with batons to disperse thousands at a graveside memorial Thursday for victims of post-election violence, witnesses and state television said.
Iceland says it will provide US$2 million a year over the next three years to help other island nations develop sustainable natural resources and combat the effects of climate change.
Justin Bieber vomited his way through a concert in the Philippines last night, after taking to the stage feeling ill.
Three Vietnamese sailors and their colleagues aboard the Taiwan-flagged ship Tai Yuan 227 have been released by Somali pirates and are now on their way home.
LONDON -Angry shareholders have urged Rio Tinto PLC to stop hoarding its cash, labeling a proposed $5 billion share buyback ``pathetic,'' The Sunday Times reports.
ADELAIDE forward Kurt Tippett will be named in the Crows team to take on Brisbane this weekend but is still to come through final concussion testing before being cleared to play.
The US Marshal's Task Force is looking for Burton, who is wanted on a parole violation for failure to register as a sex offender after being convicted of aggravated criminal sexual assault with a victim younger than 13.
The housing market held up well in April with 24% more residential mortgage valuations conducted than a year ago.
The festival spilled over onto the streets last night as hundreds of fans swarmed the environs of Sassafraz Cafe in Yorkville.
Annual inflation rate sped past expectations to 3.1 percent in June from 2.2 percent in May after the biggest yearly surge in gasoline prices since Hurricane Katrina, Statistics Canada said on Wednesday.
USA Sevens international rugby tournament broke all previous attendance records in its third year at Sam Boyd Stadium.
James Gandolfini hopes to shed his Tony Soprano persona, just as Alan Alda was able to gradually distance himself from ``MASH.''
A study of the Univ. of Navarre makes sure that the feminine humor is more intelligent.
Aegerion Pharmaceuticals said today that the FDA had approved lomitapide to help further lower cholesterol in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
India has decided to allow foreign airlines to buy stakes of up to 49 percent in local carriers, a long-awaited policy move that could provide a lifeline to the country's debt-laden airlines by opening up a fresh source of funding.
Police say a man pulled a switchblade on a couple that was walking on Church Street Monday evening.
Bayern Munich striker Ivica Olic is facing up to more injury frustration after being ruled out for up to eight weeks with a hip problem.
SAN FRANCISCO -Barry Bonds has pleaded not guilty to 15 felony charges of lying to a federal grand jury about his performance-enhancing drug use.
Eight-time major winner Tom Watson has told Tiger Woods he needs to 'clean up his act' and show more humility to the fans who come to watch him play.
Supermarket group Asda has stepped up the supermarket price war with a new round of 5,000 price cuts.
Mark Wright has landed a five-episode ITV2 show chronicling his attempts to crack America called 'Mar's American Vacation'.
``I wish they had just left us alone. We would have asked for nothing else all our lives.''
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, announced that it has commenced a public offering of 2,000,000 common units pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A Fort Bliss soldier died Friday at Landstuhl Medical Center in Germany from injuries sustained in a ``non-combat related incident'' in Talil, Iraq, the Department of Defense announced.
O3b Networks, the developer of a new fibre quality, satellite-based, global Internet backbone infrastructure announced today that it is opening its first regional headquarters in Dubai.
Crude oil prices headed higher Monday in New York, topping $94 per barrel, on positive economic data.
A former OJ Simpson co-defendant says he's completed the inpatient drug treatment a judge sent him to instead of prison for a probation violation.
From here, Axis Bank, which started corrections probably earlier than a lot of PSU banks, looks stronger.
Former UFC light-heavyweight champion ``Suga'' Rashad Evans told MMA Mania that Belfort has ``more than a chance'' of beating Jones.
Oil refineries send millions of dollars to the state and employ hundreds of Montanans.
A boy and his dog enjoy a day at the beach and helps bury his dog in the sand up to his neck.
The lower house of the French parliament approved on Wednesday a tight 2012 budget as Paris aims to eliminate its deficit within five years amid a worsening of the eurozone debt crisis.
The UK 100 opened negatively this morning, Trading down 2 points.
Governor Neil Abercrombie announced today that his Chief of Staff, Amy Asselbaye, and Deputy Chief of Staff, Andrew Aoki, have resigned.
Public finance problems in Greece and some other European Union member states hit by the financial crisis, are posing ``a very serious challenge'' for the euro, Olli Rehn, the Finnish commissioner-designate for the key economic and monetary affairs position on the European Commission, told members of the European Parliament at a confirmation hearing on Monday.
A West Newton man armed with a plastic gun and a hammer robbed a North Huntingdon pharmacy of 10 bottles of a painkiller Monday evening, but was caught hiding in a wooded area a short time later.
Sharon Stone, 52, took her sons to work on the set of Law & Order:
Three Level 3 sex offenders have registered new addresses in the city of Bremerton, according to the Bremerton Police Department.
Soon to be Massachusetts Sen. Paul Kirk arrived on Capitol Hill Friday to cheers from staffers and friends of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy.
Slovakia has become the final eurozone nation to approve the expansion of the European Financial Stability Facility after its parliament ratified the plan at a second vote.
BC Lions won their first Grey Cup since 2006 defeating the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, 34-23 in the 99th Grey Cup on Sunday in Place Vancouver.
Searchers find missing aircraft Updated: 12:55, Monday February 4, 2013 An aircraft has spotted the wreckage of an ultralight aircraft that went missing on Sunday north of Brisbane.
Melo, the much-lauded center who failed to make an impact during his freshman season, was arraigned Wednesday morning in Syracuse City Court on a ``misdemeanor charge of fourth degree criminal mischief.''
Three Tesla employees were killed in a plane crash on Wednesday, as reported in a statement released by Elon Musk, CEO of the Palo Alto-based electric automaker.
Two men were arrested on drug charges following a traffic stop in downtown Binghamton.
Researchers have electronically linked the brains of pairs of rats for the first time, enabling them to communicate directly to solve simple behavioral puzzles.
Gary Locke, the nominee to be the next US ambassador to Beijing, said Thursday that China must do more to pressure North Korea as it welcomed the secretive regime's leader Kim Jong-Il.
Centaurus Financial® ranks as one of the top 50 independent broker/dealers based on gross revenue for the eighth straight year according to InvestmentNews.
``Bullions may remain in range. Gold can trade in range of 16,700-16,850.Silver can trade in range of 27,500-27,800.Dollar index is can also trade in range of 80-80.8. Underlying support for gold continues to come from Greece`s sovereign debt situation and the efforts of the European Union to deal with it.
Four Kansas University professors and several students and researchers are involved in the super collider experiments in Switzerland.
Steve Sjuggerud from Daily Wealth believes that the worst of the recession is behind us based on a comparison of previous financial crises in the history of the United States.
ASOS has launched its debut mobile site ahead of the Christmas retail shopping season.
The UAE has launched a business continuity management standard to ensure organisations across the country continue operating throughout any emergency, a senior official said on Wednesday.
British oil giant BP said Monday it would sell $5.6 billion of its Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains Exploration and Production Co. of Houston, Texas.
Gov. Rick Perry is calling Texas lawmakers back to Austin for a special session to try again to pass legislation that will keep major state agencies running.
AP Sports Writer Philip Rivers got his big-money contract extension.
TI has had his probation revoked and was just sentenced to 11 months in prison today following the felony drug possession he was charged with in September of this year.
A record temperature of 93 degrees is expected for today, Sept. 23, the first day of fall, said Myron Padget, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Wilmington.
Captain locked out as plane cockpit door jams Air India says the cockpit door of one of its planes got jammed during a flight while the captain was using the toilet, forcing an unscheduled landing by the co-pilot in central India.
A Dreher High School student shot and killed Tuesday will be laid to rest.
The president will speak about the economy at Fire Station No. 5 in Arlington, Va.
Fiji has been hit by widespread flooding, killing at least two people.
St. Lawrence coach Joe Marsh was forced to miss his team's games this weekend against Cornell and Colgate because of further complications from a recent surgery.
Apple has at last issued a patch for the DNS flaw considered one of the most dangerous vulnerabilities ever to affect the internet.
Two Wausau businesses were broken into overnight and at least one was burglarized, police said.
The Canadian Press Images PHOTO/DAVE Wireless New mobile phone company DAVE Wireless has renamed itself as Mobilicity and says it will launch this spring in Toronto, with a rollout in other major cities later this year.
The Monte Carlo, a longtime bar on Ethel Avenue in Hancock, was destroyed by fire Tuesday morning.
Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh has reviewed the security scenario in the country during a meeting with senior ministers and the three service chiefs on Saturday night.
Washington coach Flip Saunders will miss the Wizards' game Wednesday against Golden State to address ``a family emergency involving his mother.''
BD, a global medical technology company, announced today that it would present at the following investor healthcare conferences in January:
A LYME Regis man has been appointed MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours for his selfless dedication to the community.
Hundreds gathered at All Saints church for Kelvin Kane's funeral.
Police are looking for a man who robbed the Regions Bank in Affton Friday afternoon.
Millions of Americans have chronic kidney disease, but most don't realize it because early kidney disease has no symptoms.
Math and reading scores for the Michigan Educational Assessment Program test rose statewide during the past year, and many local school districts also topped the state average in those areas.
Heavy rain bringing flash flood warnings fell across the Chicago area this morning, with some areas getting as much as 5 inches of precipitation.
Louisville Public Media's spring membership campaign raised a record $402,389, the public radio organization announced yesterday.
SaxonAir has announced that it has added a second Citation Mustang to its AOC.
AMEC, the international engineering and project management company, announces today that it has completed the acquisition of MACTEC, a leading US engineering and environmental services company.
Polly Platt, who was nominated for an Oscar for art direction for ``Terms of Endearment'' and went on to produce several successful films, has died.
In a setback for opposition protesters, the Russian parliament Friday approved a bill further restricting anti-government demonstrations.
Day laborers sued a Southern California city on Tuesday, claiming a ban on seeking work on the street violates their civil rights.
Credit Suisse Group said it will suspend withdrawals from its Euroreal fund for three months, after proposed changes in Germany for real-estate funds caused investors to clamor for their money back from the EUR6.2 billion real-estate fund.
Actor Robert Pattinson will have to wear a wig for his `Twilight` re-shoot because of his trimmed haircut.
The Miami Dolphins signed veteran receiver Kevin Curtis on Monday night to supplement the injury-depleted receiving corp.
A former state senator who represented Jackson County was sentenced Tuesday after she pleaded guilty to one of 17 charges brought against her in US District Court in Huntington.
Welsh Rugby international Gareth Thomas was named Hero of the Year at the Stonewall Awards in London last night, where an Australian was also in the running.
The Milwaukee Brewers will stop offering their holiday four-pack ticket packages on Sunday night.
Brett Favre will start at quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings tonight against the Chicago Bears.
The Fargo Police Department issued notice today that two Level 3 sex offenders have changed their addresses.
Barclays Capital today announces the senior appointments of Ian Montgomery as Chief Operating Officer of Canada and John Kennedy as Chief Compliance Officer of Canada.
Presidential candidate Barack Obama, who's been reaching out in recent days to evangelical voters, will hold a series of gatherings Wednesday in Colorado Springs, often considered the capital of conservative Christian ministries.
New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras, whose party finished first in the critical June 17 elections but with less than 30 percent of the vote, was sworn in as Prime Minister on June 20 after convincing his rivals, the PASOK Socialists, and the small Leftist party, the Democratic Left, to support a coalition, although they will take no part in it beyond giving his party their votes to control the Parliament and government.
President Obama will hold a news conference Wednesday morning in the East Room of the White House, his first in three months.
Pakistan Muslim League-N has tabled adjournment motion in the National Assembly against the rise in electricity and gas tariffs, a private television news channel reported on Thursday.
Property Week is asking that you take a few seconds to tell us where you got your MIPIM news from over the past week.
The Vikings fell to Lynnfield yesterday on the road, 60-48, and with the loss their record slipped to 6-9.
Michael Crabtree has a stress fracture in his left foot that could sideline him for 10 weeks, NFL.com and ESPN report.
The past few years have seen remarkable breakthroughs in understanding how the brain works.
CARONI East MP Dr Tim Gopeesingh has questioned whether the Commission of Enquiry was designed to fail by the Government and so-called mistakes, including the failure to publish the appointment of the Commission in the Gazette, were deliberate ``sleeper cells'' meant to become active and destroy the credibility of the Commission.
Bhubaneswar, Nov 9 Orissa has ordered the suspension of work in 69 mines after the operators failed to produce documents to show their mining activities were legal, a senior mines department official said Monday.
The Ikea brand has been sold for 75 billion kronor to one of the Swedish furniture giant's daughter companies, with experts saying that the price tag is ``reasonable''.
The Chicago Cubs announced Friday they traded utility man Brent Lillibridge to the New York Yankees for a player to be named later and cash considerations.
Arvind Kejriwal on 24 November 2012 announced the name of his newly formed Political Party as Aam Admi Party after two months of its split from Anna Hazare and his movement of India Against Corruption at the Constitution Club, New Delhi.
European shares rose on Thursday, with a key index holding above a resistance level, as banks gained after positive comments on the economy by a European Central Bank policymaker helped bolster investors' confidence.
Ledley King is confident of being fit for the start of the season after coming through his first 45 minutes of football since the World Cup.
The host of ``Countdown With Keith Olbermann'' on MSNBC, former ESPN anchor Keith Olbermann, has been dropped from the NBC's ``Football Night in America,'' reports the New York Post.
A Durban school principal has been stabbed to death and another man hacked to death in two separate incidents in Umlazi, KwaZulu-Natal police said on Monday.
Kara Dioguardi has exited American Idol, as she releases a statement to fans.
Early voting begins today around the state of Illinois.
A 22-year-old Coos Bay man faces attempted murder and assault charges for allegedly cutting the throat of an auctioneer in Woodburn with a boxcutter.
New Delhi, July 17 Intermittent rains lashed parts of North India even as rising temperatures coupled with high humidity levels troubled people across the region.
A MENTALLY ill man, arrested for beating his wife died under the wheels of a lorry just hours after being released on bail, an inquest heard yesterday.
In Luzerne County, a community came together to help a local fire department in Hanover Township.
Doc Watson died on Tuesday, May 29, at age 89.
Pakistan's senior all-rounder Abdul Razzaq has said that he has not misled any one, including the national selectors or the cricket board, to play in the ongoing Bangladesh cricket league.
A RISING number of investors who no longer trust traditional investments in property and shares are turning to more exotic options, and risking huge losses in the process.
French soccer rivals Paris Saint-Germain and Marseille will play both their games this season without visiting fans.
A 2-year-old Bartlett toddler has died after he fell into a backyard pool on June 14, officials said.
Ocean Racing Technology has had to pull out of the GP2 and GP3 series due to financial difficulties.
Hollywood actors Daniel Craig and Judi Dench, who star together in the Bond series as James Bond and M, have been immortalised in wax at the Madame Tussauds museum.
Two social enterprise nursery schools in Paisley, Renfrewshire, have been awarded £270,000 in funding which will enable them to continue providing childcare until at least 2011.
Home secretary Jacqui Smith today said the money would fund a new anti-social behaviour 'action squad' to crack down on persistent anti-social offenders.
A Sebeka man was charged in Wadena County District Court with domestic assault after a fight with a woman July 8.
Some financial experts have called for effective supervision of non-interest banking to ensure its success and integration into the Nigerian economy.
With this in mind, we bring you news of a new slot that will open up on the court this July, when Judge Guido Calabresi takes senior status.
A storm moving into the Valley from the east is expected to bring rain showers, lightning and wind gusts up to 50 mph in some areas, according to the National Weather Service.
A New Oxford woman faces 13 felony forgery charges, among others, after police alleged she stole an acquaintance's checkbook to feed her drug addiction.
Those who seriously want Kris Aquino to leave the country can celebrate... but not for long.
Spears gave birth to a baby girl at around 9:30 AM while surrounded by family members.
The Steilacoom ferry terminal will close for four months starting the evening of Jan. 3 for renovations, Pierce County announced today.
Retail sales probably climbed in January as shoppers took advantage of post-holiday promotions before winter storms covered much of the US, a sign the economy is on the mend, economists said before a report this week.
DJ Z-Trip will take over the turntables during KCRW's ``Morning Becomes Eclectic'' this Thursday, May 7th, prior to his appearance at Audiotistic, Saturday, May 9 The Roots will headline immediately following his set.
Michigan football coach Brady Hoke calls out Notre Dame for pulling out of its annual rivalry game with the Wolverines.
As many as 6,000 new milk co-operative societies would be formed in the State in a bid to bring milk producers outside the co-operative ambit into the fold, Minister for Dairy Development V. Moorthy said here on Wednesday.
Galveston voters have approved paid parking on the seawall, with much of the revenue going to seawall enhancements.
JPMorgan Chase & Co plans to cut 3,000 to 4,000 jobs in its consumer bank in 2013, representing about 1.5 per cent of the company's overall workforce, it said in a presentation to investors on Tuesday.
An Amber Alert has been issued for a Boise boy who was kidnapped from his home.
Former DG ISI, General Hamid Gul has said that UN Commission's report is nothing but wastage of money and time.
A man was killed late Wednesday night when a fire broke out at his southeast Dallas home, according to fire investigators.
Italy has called up Cagliari defender Davide Astori to join its squad at the European Championship in case Andrea Barzagli can't stay with the team due to a calf injury.
Pop singer Nicki Minaj has engaged in a war of words with her Irish fans on Twitter.
The rumoured PS3 firmware update has indeed gone live today, although it hasn't been welcomed by all.
This time it has been revealed that the DVLA has made a massive £8.7 million from taking phone calls from motorists who are enquiring about car tax and DVLA documents.
SINGAPORE will deport 29 mainland Chinese bus drivers and prosecute five others for taking part in the city-state's first strike since the 1980s, the government says.
Photo by TWITTER R&B singer Keyshia Cole has married boyfriend Daniel Gibson over the weekend in a secret ceremony.
A business survey has revealed that 18 per cent of small businesses fear they will go insolvent if UK interest rates rise to 4.5%.
Wakarusa start-up Electric Motors Corp. said it has hired Roger Umbaugh as chief financial officer.
Doffek, in his third year at the helm of the UW-Milwaukee baseball team, was named Horizon League coach of the year Monday.
Kat Dennings, the young actress who has appeared in several popular movies over the last few years, including The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist, has joined the growing cast of superhero blockbuster Thor.
20:03 PDT Santa Cruz, Calif. Authorities say a six-year-old girl has died after a large log rolled on top of her as she played on a Santa Cruz County beach.
Dave Duerson, a key player for the Chicago Bears during the 1980s, was found dead at his Miami home on Thursday night.
A Saginaw man has been found guilty of murdering the parents of three young children.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Sweden striker Johan Elmander on a three-year deal from French club Toulouse for an undisclosed transfer fee.
Bedouin Soundclash will release a tour EP in conjunction with their shows supporting No Doubt.
Niagara Parks Police are investigating an illegal border crossing incident that occurred about 7 am, Tuesday, after eyewitnesses fishing near the power plant along the Robert Moses Parkway on the American side reported seeing a man in the water.
Chivas USA announced that goalkeeper Dan Kennedy underwent successful surgery on his right knee on Wednesday afternoon.
US stock futures pointed to a slightly higher start for Wednesday, with gains in commodities helping offset slowing-growth worries that continue to hang over investors and global markets.
Union Petroleum Minister Murli Deora said that the fuel prices may be cut in next few weeks.
The black dust situation is a national problem which is felt particularly in the south, Labour MP Silvio Parnis, party spokesman for sustainable development, said.
Former Team India cricketer and commentator Ravi Shastri has filed for divorce in a Bandra family court from his wife Ritu after 22 years of marriage, Mumbai Mirror reported.
The Bhadra plaza redevelopment will be delayed till June 2014.
Taliban insurgents on Thursday urged Afghans to kill foreign soldiers in revenge for the burning of copies of the Koran at a US-run military base that has sparked violent protests across the country.
Music services organization Rocket Science announced a spate of new hires and promotions, along with the launch of a label in partnership with Sony/RED.
A 35-year-old Wayne County man has been charged with first-degree rape and first-degree sex abuse in connection with an incident that occurred in the Town of Butler on October 13.
A Wonder Lake man died in custody last weekend at the Barrington police lockup, authorities said Tuesday.
Eddie Van Halen has broken his silence about Van Halen's postponed summer tour dates, insisting he and his bandmates ``bit off more than we could chew'' when planning an extensive reunion tour.
On Sept. 29, 2010, Governor General Michaëlle Jean bid an emotional farewell to the men and women of the Canadian Forces and to CF veterans during a military parade held at the Canadian War Museum in Ottawa.
The Detroit Tigers activated setup man Fernando Rodney from the disabled list Monday and manager Jim Leyland was eager to work him into a game as soon as possible.
Cost Plus, Inc. today confirmed that it is conducting a merchandising test with Bed Bath & Beyond involving its consumables products in three Bed Bath & Beyond stores located in San Diego, California;
BharatMatrimony.com, India's most trusted matrimony portal with over 12 million registered members today announced the launch of matrimony services on Airtel, India's leading mobile telecom service provider with over 77 million subscribers.
Jennifer Connelly is a mom again after giving birth to a daughter.
An Oklahoma man killed Thursday in a traffic crash has been identified as Steven Curtiss, the Tarrant County medical examiner's office reported Sunday.
The city of Monterey is urging business owners and merchants in the city to send employees home early because of traffic issues related to the storm now pounding the Monterey Peninsula.
Lady Antebellum just set a new band record after they scored the biggest selling night of their 2012 Own The Night 2012 World Tour.
A NATO soldier was killed Friday in a Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan.
``I am really impressed the way Kumar organises the programme and hears patiently the grievances of visitors and takes action immediately,'' Singh told reporters during Kumar's programme at his official residence.
-based RockTenn closed the Matane, Quebec containerboard mill, which had 176,000 tons per year of recycled corrugated medium production capacity.
Columbus Police have identified remains found near a northeast Columbus elementary school as Johnny Brown, 60.
ST. LOUIS - The US Coast Guard is investigating why a barge hit a Mississippi River bridge at St. Louis, causing four barges to briefly break free but leaving no apparent structural damage to the span.
Other than its new cast of diverse celebrities, ABC has announced even more changes for the new season of Dancing With the Stars.
Sarnia police are looking for suspects in an underground parking lot break-in in the 300 block of North Front Street Wednesday.
Swedish industrial production fell 19.9 percent percent year-on-year in July, the statistics office said on Wednesday.
Women bear the brunt of being the health police in heterosexual marriages, but gay and lesbian couples are more likely to mutually influence each other's health habits - for better or for worse.
The rupee strengthened beyond 50 per dollar mark, its highest in more than a month on Monday, but gave up some of its gains late on Monday afternoon.
Democrat Alexi Giannoulias leads Republican Mark Kirk by seven points in a poll released Thursday by the liberal DailyKos Web site.
Greece has no intention of restructuring its debt, nor is it seeking to discount the value of that debt by negotiating a 'haircut' on the outstanding bonds held by its creditors, the country's finance minister said Monday.
July was the hottest month in the continental US on record, beating the hottest month in the devastating Dust Bowl summer of 1936, the US government reported yesterday.
By Bob Grossweiner & Jane Cohen Although no dates have been released, it appears that Fleetwood Mac will tour early next year.
Water in uninsulated pipes is at risk of freezing -- and expanding -- when temperatures are 20 degrees Fahrenheit and below, according to ONWASA.
Matthew Elliott is disappointed, but not bitter about his departure.
LONDON -Harry Redknapp has been fired by Tottenham after almost four years as manager of the Premier League club.
Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah is so wary of the Cape Verde Islands quarterfinal threat that he has said he would 'prefer' to face Nations Cup favourites Ivory Coast on Saturday.
The Texans promoted Frank Bush to defensive coordinator on Tuesday.
The San Francisco Public Library is offering borrowers amnesty in return for overdue books.
Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky waived his preliminary hearing, a decision that moves him toward a trial on charges of child sex abuse and vacates the possibility that he would face his accusers in court Tuesday.
- President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he wanted to ``begin work'' on immigration reform this year and that US officials would monitor a controversial new law in Arizona for civil rights implications.
A new Iowa State University study has examined why innocent suspects may confess to a crime.
British voters have punished the Liberal Democrats for their role in a deficit-cutting government, deserting the party in local elections and almost certainly rejecting its efforts to reform the electoral system.
An Ethiopian airliner transporting 90 passengers and crew crashed in stormy weather just after takeoff in Lebanon early Monday, plunging into the Mediterranean sea, Transport Minister Ghazi Aridi said.
Peaches Geldof and husband Tom Cohen have welcomed their second son, Phaedra, on what would have been her late mother's birhday.
Most emerging Asian currencies rose on Friday, to head for weekly gains, with the Philippine peso near a five-year peak, as more evidence of recovery in the world's top two economies brightened the outlook for the region and bolstered risk appetite.
The previously reported UK tour of Hair staring Gareth Gates has been canceled, according to WhatsOnStage.com.
A Jefferson County prosecutor has been fired for violating rules in her office.
2013-04-01T20:14:29Z 2013-04-02T03:07:22Z Rescuers use rowboat to reach pilot in Wis. swamp Winona Daily News Rescuers used a rowboat to reach a pilot whose plane crashed in a swamp in Juneau County of central Wisconsin.
Wheelchairs might be hindering the recovery of people with spinal cord injuries, research suggests.
GAIL India will split its marketing business into a separate firm from April 1 to fulfill the policy guidelines outlined by the petroleum regulator, reports Economic Times.
Osama bin Laden had a ``support network'' in Pakistan but it is not clear if the Pakistani government was involved, US President Barack Obama said in his first public comments on the issue.
France has banned ketchup from school and college cafeterias, except for when it's on French fries.
A US Navy helicopter crashed Thursday in Oman during a transport mission, and the fate of its five-member crew is unknown, the US military said, ruling out an attack.
An Air Evac helicopter makes an emergency landing in Burdette Park with a patient onboard.
A French blog is reporting that the SFR, France's second largest mobile carrier, will be launching the Android 2.2 aka Froyo for HTC Magic this summer along with Nexus One.
United Nations Chief Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday urged Sudan to act ``very responsibly'' if President Omar al-Beshir is issued an arrest warrant by the International Criminal Court over alleged genocide in Darfur.
A warrant initiative netted 29 arrests and cleared 91 outstanding warrants in the North Boulevard area Tuesday evening.
Penn Valley native siblings Sonia and Amit Bhalla are working on NBC's new comedy ``Outsourced,'' which premieres at 9:30 pm Thursday.
She not only took the gold, but she set a brand-new world record with the impressive 150.05 points for her free skate program.
A homeless Level 3 sex offender will be arraigned today in Middlesex Superior Court after he repeatedly failed to register as a sex offender and fled the state.
Three people have been charged by police following the abduction of a man from Lakemba yesterday.
As more pieces of a very ugly mosaic fall into place -- including new details from a confidential 2007 report by the International Committee of the Red Cross about interrogations at CIA ``black sites'' -- any remaining doubt that the Bush administration engaged in a conscious policy of torture is disappearing.
Mobile Linux supplier Purple Labs announced it has acquired Openwave's mobile phone software business, which develops and markets its browser and messaging client technologies.
CSKA Moscow defenders Sergei Ignashevich and Alexei Berezutsky were found not guilty of doping by a UEFA disciplinary committee on Thursday, the Sovetski Sport paper said.
Johnny Depp is ready to make his trip to Wonderland for the first time.
Batanes is experiencing an ``earthquake or seismic swarm'' which explains the series of tremors that hit the area for the past few days, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said.
One of the shelter shed people at Pinaroo Park.
Renewable Energy Group, the leading biodiesel producer and marketer in the country, is helping miners learn how to use biodiesel in their underground operations.
A patient watchdog group set up by the Leicester Mercury is to help rate NHS services.
A 29-year-old sexual predator who raped a woman while a teenage boy slept in the next room has been jailed for over six years.
LDK Solar Co., Ltd. , a leading manufacturer of multicrystalline solar wafers and PV products, today announced that it has expanded its vertical manufacturing by successfully completing the installation and trial runs of the first production line of solar cells in its newly installed manufacturing facility in Xinyu City.
Global oil prices remained steady in Asian trade Wednesday after advanced above $78 a barrel overnight.
Puppets protest Romney public TV threat Updated: 05:08, Sunday November 4, 2012 Several hundred supporters of US public broadcasting have marched on Capitol Hill in a 'Million Puppet March' in favour of ongoing federal funding for non-commercial programming.
Despite this fact, President Obama was promoted in polling places across the country today.
A gene in the brain that was not previously linked to mood disorders could have a role in biopolar, depression, and schizophrenic conditions.
Pop icon Madonna will perform in the Superbowl XLVI halftime show on NBC at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis in February.
Both a heat advisory and an air quality alert have been issued today for the Staten Island area.
and each time the revolver just went ``click'' next to his head.
Tampa Bay Lightning assistant coach Wayne Fleming is recovering from an operation to remove a brain tumor.
Pakistan wicketkeeper Zulqarnain Haider, who fled to London midway through a series against South Africa in the UAE after receiving death threats for refusing to fix matches, today announced his retirement from international cricket.
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who has been circuitously connected with Bollywood, owing to his liaisons with actors Kim Sharma and Deepika Padukone says if he ever decides to act, he would love to do a film like ``Garam Masala'' with Akshay Kumar.
Mumbai The Indian rupee lost 15 paise to Rs 50.45 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today due to appreciation of the American currency against the euro and other rivals overseas and a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
Two Contra Costa College music students were recently awarded scholarships based on their musical merit by Cal State-East Bay.
House Minority Leader Pat Bauer returned to Indianapolis Wednesday morning for a meeting with Speaker Brian Bosma.
Although there were rumours Natalie could be attached to several new films, insiders are now claiming she is putting her career return on hold for a bit longer.
Veteran offensive tackle Ray Willis has told the Kansas City Chiefs that he is retiring.
Hibernia Atlantic, the organisation responsible for the deployment of the 'Project Kelvin' high speed, diverse network, announces today that Novosco, Ireland's leading provider of virtual and cloud IT infrastructure and services, chose Hibernia Atlantic for its fast, diverse connectivity within Northern Ireland and throughout the rest of Europe.
Research, published July 28th in the journal Neurology, is challenging the possibility that all epilepsy drugs may cause an increased risk in suicidal behavior.
- Isaac continues to push its way inland, and forecasters downgraded it to a tropical storm Wednesday afternoon.
The ever strong Mumbai Indians defeated Delhi Daredevils convincingly by 32 runs in the 49 th Indian Premier League match on May 7.
SMU hosts Tulane on Saturday, Nov. 5, for a 2 pm Homecoming match-up.
The New York Yankees say Jorge Posada is going to announce his retirement Tuesday at Yankee Stadium.
Grenada and Costa Rica played to a two all draw in a friendly international over the weekend.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. ``Punk'd'' is officially back in business and it's no longer only Ashton Kutcher to be afraid of!
A Coeur d'Alene man died Thursday when the plane he was piloting crashed in the Nez Perce/Clearwater National Forest.
Actress Mischa Barton has enraged Hindus around the world, after she cribbed on her blog about not getting a sitar teacher in India.
After the lengthy debt ceiling debate, continued unemployment and now the downgrading of America's credit rating, many of you have a lot of questions about what's going on in Washington.
IDG is reporting that LG will be supplying Apple with displays for both an ``iPad mini'' and the iPhone 5.
A skydiver was hurt and rushed to the hospital after jumping out of a plane Saturday at SkyDive Houston in Waller County.
Casey Anthony was judged too harshly for her wild lifestyle, according to her Defense Attorney, Jose Baez.
Fanning the flames of a fire started just under two years ago, Florence + The Machine are set to ignite stages across the country when they return to Australasia in May 2012 for a national arena tour.
The Interior Department says at least 49 offshore oil or natural gas production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico were destroyed by Hurricane Ike, and some may not be rebuilt.
Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt has said she will form her own band as she faces the axe from the group.
THOUSANDS of people on jobseeker's allowance and other benefits have been helped back into work by a borough organisation.
A 31-year-old eastern Montana woman has died of meningitis at an Anaconda hospital.
PAS has agreed to field non-Muslim candidates to contest in the coming general election in Sarawak and Johor.
``I don't think they like a nationwide protest they perceive as attacking their guy,'' said Dan Gainor, vice president of the Media Research Center's Business and Media Institute.
Madonna will release a new album in late March through Universal Music Group's Interscope Records, the label said on Thursday.
Police say a suspicious package that was destroyed in Iowa City was an electronic art piece.
Louisiana has reopened wide swaths of state fishing grounds that were closed in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill after seafood testing, the state said.
That is the lesson to be learnt from the Lahad Datu incident on Friday which had claimed the lives of two Malaysian commandos, the Plantation Industry and Commodities Minister said.
A Wright City man, who was wanted for parole violation, was tased July 28 while reportedly resisting arrest.
The Prepside Mustangs won three games over the holiday weekend to improve to 11-5 on the season.
The stocks and indices are likely to wobble in a narrow range with downward bias in shallow volumes which dropped nearly 20% below average yesterday when indices kissed new calendar high, said Ashok Jainani, head research, Khandwala Securities while commenting on the market outlook today.
Purdue coach Danny Hope said Sunday that Keith Smith's knee injury appears to be serious and he is not optimistic about the receiver's status going forward.
Israel plans to buy firefighting planes and to establish the regional system of forest firefighting, Prime-Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday.
HONOLULUPresident Barack Obama signed a wide-ranging defense bill into law Saturday despite having ``serious reservations'' about provisions that regulate the detention, interrogation and prosecution of suspected terrorists.
DiversityBusiness.com /- Chrysler Group LLC reaffirmed its historic commitment to supplier diversity and minority supplier development holding its tenth annual Matchmaker minority supplier event today at the Company's headquarters in Auburn Hills.
Drivers are bracing themselves for long delays during 12 weeks of road works on one of the busiest routes around Hampton.
Two country-made bombs were found in the Delhi-bound North East Express from Guwahati.
The USA might sell 12 AH-64D Block II Apache Longbow helicopters to Egypt for a price of $820 million, DSCA suggested to the Congress.
``She had an accident while doing the gardening, and somehow managed to break both her legs,'' agent David Sigall said.
Car bombs and planted explosives killed six people, mostly police, on Tuesday in different areas of Iraq as a low level insurgency continues to target the country's struggling security forces.
After 2 years away from the Gulf of Mexico in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon accident and the subsequent drilling moratorium, BP has begun producing oil there once again.
A French court has acquitted an Iranian engineer of violating an export embargo by purchasing US technology for military firms in Iran.
TATA Steel has observed the 169th birth anniversary of its founder Mr Jamsetji Nusserwanji Tata with pomp and gaiety.
Local stocks ended mixed on Tuesday, with the main index rising by just 0.02%.
Pop star Cheryl Cole performed her new single on the X Factor while her Girls Aloud bandmates supported her from the audience.
A federal judge has dismissed a defamation lawsuit filed against the Dixie Chicks by the stepfather of one of the three 8-year-old boys killed in West Memphis 15 years ago.
A Destin boat captain has been jailed in Mexico for more than a week on gun charges, and his family here says authorities are squeezing him for cash.
BANK of Africa is to venture into low cost mortgage financing to consolidate its presence in Uganda and the East Africa, it said on Friday.
Mumbai Asset management firm Morgan Stanley today said it has launched Morgan Stanley Multi Asset Fund, an open-ended debt fund, with an aim to generate regular income for its customers.
The Greens failed to win a lower seat in the Victorian state election on Saturday and hold just one seat - Melbourne - in the federal parliament.
Hansraj Saxena, Chief Operating Officer of Sun TV Network Limited, who was arrested following complaints from various quarters, was refused bail by the Principal Sessions Judge P Devadass, on Wednesday.
``The Fran and Shirley Show'' -- new works by husband-and-wife artists Fran and Shirley Schanz -- will be on view through Aug. 15 at the Urraro Gallery, 152 W. 12th St. Gallery hours:
A woman died this evening after her car was hit by a freight train at a crossing at Lakeview Street and Orangethorpe Avenue.
A Memorial University economics professor says the provincial government has underestimated the labour demands of the province.
Indian IT bellwether Infosys on Monday unveiled a business portal of the Commerce Ministry's industrial policy and promotion department for investors and businesses.
Air New Zealand, the national carrier, is reviewing its flights from Japan after a decline in the yen made flights here more expensive, crimping demand.
The beautiful Beyonce is back at it, as she kicked back into high gear after canceling one show.
A Cathedral City woman was arrested Friday on suspicion of committing check fraud in Palm Desert and Rancho Mirage.
An Abu Dhabi group will invest 45 billion dollars in Pakistan and build world's tallest building in Karachi city of Pakistan.
Prime Minister John Key will today address the United Nations General Assembly for the first time and will push New Zealand's message on climate change and anti-nuclear policy.
TELUS is investing $12 million in Kelowna this year to expand wireless and wired broadband infrastructure for community residents and businesses, including access to the world's fastest wireless infrastructure, called 4G LTE, and Optik TV.
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas fears he may not play again this season after suffering a serious leg injury in Wednesday's 2-2 Champions League quarter-final draw against Barcelona.
Iran and China will establish a joint road building machinery factory worth 45 million euros in the city of Izeh, Iran.
Verdi postal customers should begin to see an improved and more convenient access to their mail.
Carmelo Anthony said that he will play tonight against the Golden State Warriors tonight, but he also said that his knee will never be 100% healthy again.
A Lebanon man is accused of trying to kill his wife after she showed up at the Lebanon Police Department early Saturday.
AIRASIA could buy as many as 200 Airbus planes in a landmark deal that is potentially set to dominate the Paris Air Show, industry sources said.
George Zimmerman was released around midnight ET Sunday from a county jail on $150,000 US bail as he awaits his second-degree murder trial for fatally shooting Trayvon Martin.
Interactive Intelligence, a global developer of business communications solutions, has announced the preliminary results of its fourth quarter and fiscal year, ending December 31, 2007.
Floyd Mayweather Sr has warned Ricky Hatton he must quit drinking between fights if he has any hope of defeating boxers of the calibre of Oscar De La Hoya or his son, Floyd Jr.
A Hamilton man was charged with deliberate homicide Friday after a fight provoked by a night of drinking Black Velvet and Diet Pepsi in a downtown motel left his common law wife brain dead.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications, however, argues that the adoption of a congestion charge could actually serve to balance out social differences by having motorists finance public transport.
FAMILIES are being urged to support North farmers in the build-up to Christmas and the New Year.
``No, Maduve Mane is an original script and not a remake of DDLJ. I'd rather do 'swamake' films than remakes,'' he stated to a leading English daily.
England skipper Steven Gerrard has ruled out retiring from international football, and has vowed to play until at least the European Championships.
Air raid sirens sounded in Tel Aviv on Friday and an explosion was heard, a witness said.
The Unification Education Center under the Unification Ministry say chances of North Korea suddenly collapsing are slim, since leader Kim Jong-il seems to be in control of government and the system is working.
A liquid morphine painkiller given by family caregivers to dying patients can remain on the market, federal regulators in the United States have decided after hearing protests about their decision to remove it.
Emre Belözoğlu trained with his new teammates before being unveiled by Atletico Madrid in a signing ceremony held in the Vicente Calderon stadium.
Olympic ski champ and Vail resident Lindsey Vonn owes the federal government $1.7 million in back taxes, according to the Detroit News.
Verizon has fully restored all services that were affected by the train derailment west of Baltimore, in Ellicott City on Tuesday.
A Yemeni tourism delegation has returned home after its participation in the Berlin International Tourism Fair held in the German capital Berlin on 11-15 March.
Jump Master Training continues at Sanderson Field.
IBM and DeVry University today jointly announced the launch of a new Enterprise Computing track within DeVry University's Computer Information Systems bachelor's degree program.
A Philippine ferry capsized on Saturday on its way to a resort town south of Manila, killing at least 12 people, including a Japanese tourist, officials said.
AJ Burnett said he apologized to his New York Yankees teammates Sunday for a clubhouse fit that left him with cuts on both hands.
The US Treasury cleared China of official accusations of currency manipulation Friday, but said progress toward allowing the yuan to appreciate was ``insufficient.''
Tim McGraw has launched his new album, Southern Voice, released on October 20, 2009, with a series of national television appearances.
A Barrow man is facing attempted-murder charges after allegedly firing a shotgun at a pickup truck Sunday morning, according to North Slope Borough police.
Police in Clermont County have identified a suspect who is accused of stealing metal storm grates.
Directors of Tennant Company today declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 14 cents per share payable September 15, 2010, to shareholders of record August 31, 2010.
HSBC PLC said Monday it is shutting down its Mettawa-based consumer lending operation, which includes the former Household Finance Corp. and Beneficial branch networks.
`` A $5,000 gift from the Hitachi Foundation and the Community Action Committee will enable Big Brothers Big Sisters to expand its after-school program in Watsonville.
THE Jetset town of Nadi came alive yesterday during the opening of the Vodafone-sponsored Bula Festival.
A new weight loss pill called Qnexa promises dramatic results, but is it safe.
Oil rose back above $80 today to a fresh seven-week high after stronger-than-expected US and Chinese economic data raised hopes of demand recovery in the world's largest consumers.
Another air disaster was averted at the Mumbai airport, early on Friday when a Kingfisher flight was given an all clear for landing at a place where a Spicejet flight was already stationed, due to a technical fault.
Miley Cyrus is saying goodbye to her Disney Channel show, ``Hannah Montana,'' a source has confirmed to Access Hollywood.
World oil prices remained mixed in Asian trade Thursday as MENA unrest and dip in US stockpiles were offset by lower demand.
Argentina, set to play in a revamped Four Nations from 2012, have moved a step closer to joining the tournament's governing body SANZAR, according to former Pumas captain Agustin Pichot.
Officials and witnesses say a group of bicyclists on a midnight ride in Los Angeles were mowed down by a suspected drunken driver who was using a cell phone.
The entire Indian Hills Community College basketball team has been banned from post season play after a fight.
Several area H1N1 influenza vaccine clinics scheduled for this week have been canceled due to vaccine not arriving as expected.
NATO could help stabilise the Middle East if a broad peace deal is eventually reached, the alliance's secretary general said on Saturday, but he said that was a distant prospect.
GERMANY legend Franz Beckenbauer has blasted France after their dismal 2-0 defeat against Mexico on Thursday left them on the verge of an early exit.
Premier League Sunderland were knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Bolton Wanderers on a busy night of third round replays on Tuesday.
India's largest conglomerate Reliance Industries Ltd on Tuesday announced that it has signed a joint venture with Moscow-based petrochecmical firm Sibur to produce butyl rubber for the auto industry.
NORWEGIAN rider Edvald Boasson Hagen won the Eneco Tour for the second time after the Sky rider took the sixth and final stage.
Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has announced an increase in revenues of 10 per cent.
A female suicide bomber has left 15 people dead in Iraq over the weekend.
Deepika Padukone denies reports that she has been approached for Rohit Shetty`s 'Chennai Express' opposite her first big screen co-star Shah Rukh Khan.
A federal judge in Chicago has ordered Governor Rod Blagojevich released on his own recognizance Tuesday after the Democrat was hit with federal corruption charges.
The latest introduction in the market has been done by HTC, which recently launched its newest Sensation XE smartphone in India.
The rail network needs to be able to carry a 39 percent heavier weight than it now can, according to a study released this week.
US thrifts lost $5.4 billion in the second quarter and set aside a record amount to cover losses from bad mortgages and other loans.
The CBRE survey on global retail expansion revealed that Dubai ranked second most targeted city by international retailers and the UAE as the world's second most international retail market.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., the investment bank liquidating in bankruptcy, said it was seeking a total of $11 billion from Barclays Plc, including a $5 billion ``windfall'' allegedly gained by the UK bank when it bought Lehman's North American brokerage.
Pope Benedict XVI beatified Pope John Paul II before 1.5 million faithful in St. Peter's Square and surrounding streets Sunday, moving the beloved former pontiff one step closer to possible sainthood in one of the largest turnouts ever for a Vatican Mass.
Bafana Bafana international Bevan Fransman will join Macbeth Sibaya and Bernard Parker in the UEFA Champions League group stages after his Israeli side Hapoel Tel Aviv beat Austria's Red Bull Salzburg over two legs in their play-off.
``This morning Amazon informed my staff that it has ceased to host the WikiLeaks website,'' Joe Lieberman, an independent senator from Connecticut, said.
Tokyo rubber futures fell 2 percent on Friday on profit-taking after recent rises, but prices were likely to rebound next week after finishing above a strong support level of 310 yen, dealers said.
Oracle has won a copyright infringement lawsuit against managed service provider ServiceKey and its CEO, Angela Vines.
A man suspected of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy at Nelson's Tahunanui Beach may have been seen in the area on previous nights by other people, police say.
Ares Management LLC announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire AREA Property Partners, LP, a top-tier real estate management firm investing across North America, Europe and India.
Marks & Spencer intends to open its first store in Egypt at the Dandy Mega Mall - a popular shopping destination in the nation's capital Cairo.
The giant panda cub born a week ago at the National Zoo in Washington died Sunday morning, saddening zoo officials and visitors who had heralded its unexpected arrival.
JD Hayworth, a conservative radio talk show host, left KFYI 550 AM on Jan. 22 as he appears to be preparing to run against Senator John McCain in this year's Republican Primary.
North Korea has released a new propaganda video that shows President Obama and United States troops in flames and credits Washington with leading the impoverished country to become a proud nuclear power.
In one of its most significant shift in business model, computer education major NIIT will offer courses directly on student's tablets and desktops, via what it calls a cloud campus.
Car maker Saab has filed for bankruptcy, giving up a desperate struggle to stay in business after previous owner General Motors blocked takeover attempts by Chinese investors.
A distressed Shaun Tait says he is exploring his legal options after Delhi police cleared him of involvement in the Indian Premier League spot-fixing scandal.
Pearl Jam topped the US pop album chart for the first time in 13 years on Wednesday, ending the two-week reign of rapper Jay-Z. The veteran Seattle rockers sold 189,000 copies of their ninth studio album ``Backspacer,'' during the week ended September 27, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
The Northfield police chief could lose his badge for allegedly falsifying training records for himself and other officers.
Lassila continues strong comeback Updated: 21:52, Sunday January 20, 2013 Lydia Lassila's comeback to aerial skiing continues to gather momentum, the defending Olympic Games gold medallist pocketing her third World Cup podium finish from four starts on Saturday.
A Georgian journalist known for his criticism of Georgian authorities during the war against Russia has asked for political asylum in the Russian-backed breakaway region of South Ossetia, RFE/RL's Russian Service reports.
Great news for our readers, as N4BB will be covering BlackBerry 10′s launch globally.
The BSE Sensex briefly turned negative on Friday afternoon, as traders locked gains after the rally this week.
WASHINGTON - Rep. John Murtha has been hospitalized in intensive care stemming from complications related to gallbladder surgery.
Marriott International has launched a sustainable seafood program called ``Future Fish,'' making it the first, large global hotel chain to adopt such a policy, Hotel Check-In has learned.
The Community College of Aurora announced this week it will offer new scholarships aimed directly at students who may have lost their jobs as a result of the recession.
A 20-year-old man was found guilty Wednesday of armed robbery and second-degree burglary in connection with a Jan. 1, 2010, incident, and was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died Monday morning at the age of 87.
Mexican Esteban Gutierrez will race for Sauber next season alongside Germany's Nico Hulkenberg, the Formula One team said on Friday.
Now CBS4 has confirmed Romney will visit the town of Craig on Tuesday.
Gartmore, the London-based money manager which has been among the most astute investors in the Irish stock market for the past two decades, plans to raise more than £400m in its initial public offering.
TurboHercules Inc. announced today that it will be showcasing Hercules, the popular open source mainframe emulator, at Intel Developer Forum September 22-24 in San Francisco.
Aflac Inc., the insurer that lost more than a third of its market value in New York trading last week, gained as much as 14 percent after Citigroup Inc. said concerns about the insurer's investments are ``overdone.''
Mogadishu -Violence between Islamist militias of Al-shabab and Somali national forces backed by the African union peacekeeping forces still continues consecutively in the capital Mogadishu , reports said.
A Poynor man was sentenced to 20 years in prison last week after pleading to a lesser charge in a capital murder case, according to information from the Montgomery County District Attorney's office.
Two men have been charged in Tulsa federal court with sex trafficking on allegations that they forced a Mexican woman to engage in prostitution, according to an indictment unsealed Tuesday.
REIGNING Wimbledon champion and world number three Petra Kvitova put holders Czech Republic through to the Fed Cup final by beating Italy's Francesca Schiavone here on Sunday.
Various parts of Karachi on Friday received moderate rain with thunderstorm, Geo News reported.
Thai police cleared away protesters blocking a road to Parliament on Tuesday after they had vowed to stop Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat from delivering his maiden policy speech.
An Israeli army patrol came under gunfire from inside Jordan early on Tuesday, the army said, adding that no one was hurt in the rare attack that comes amid Israel's war on Hamas in Gaza.
Australians want their leaders to be part of the solution, not part of the problem, Treasurer Wayne Swan says.
Music mogul Simon Cowell was pelted with eggs by a failed contestant from last year's talent show ``Britain's Got Talent''.
Gerhard Gribkowsky has been sentenced to eight and a half years in prison for crimes including bribery, with Bernie Ecclestone described by German prosecutors as an ``accomplice''.
A major new assessment says that three-quarters of the world''s coral reefs are at risk due to overfishing, pollution, climate change and other factors.
Three state park swimming beaches have been temporarily closed for water quality issues, according to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.
A new youth male chorus for high school and college age singers is being formed, sponsored by the Greater Knoxville Chapter of the Barbershop Harmony Society and the Smokyland Sound Chorus.
The Heart Attack Grill famous for its non healthy food and extra large servings opened up in Dallas.
CIVIC leaders from 60 industrial local authorities are to meet for the first time this year in Scunthorpe to discuss the future of the steel industry.
MyOfficePortal.org lists seven reasons why you should make the switch and upgrade to Windows 7.
Yahoo is laying off 2,000 employees as new CEO Scott Thompson sweeps out jobs that don't fit into his plans for turning around the beleaguered Internet company.
German tenor Peter Hofmann, a Wagner specialist who later turned to pop music and musicals, died overnight at the age of 66, media reports said on Tuesday.
A gas station on US 61 North was robbed Sunday night -- with a bottle of beer.
A sixth-grade student was found unconscious in gym class.
The Mumbai attacks were partly planned in Pakistan and several of the known suspects are being held, Pakistan's top civilian security official has said.
Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez has been banned from driving for six months after ignoring police letters about speeding offences because he did not understand the word 'constabulary'.
``Iran is closer to getting an (atomic) bomb than is thought,'' Netanyahu said in remarks to cabinet ministers, quoted by an official from his office.
Oil rose on Wednesday toward $81 a barrel after US government data showed an unexpected decline in US crude inventories, and the US Federal Reserve said it plans to keep interest rates low.
Veteran CPI leader and one of the founding fathers of the party's Tamil Nadu unit in the 1930s, C. Subramaniam passed away in Chennai on Sunday.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Thursday that Israel ``would not dare attack Iran'', after Israel said it tested a missile following warnings against Iran's controversial nuclear program.
Despite many parts of Joburg experiencing power outages in the past few weeks, City Power insists that residents have never had it so good.
Kochi, Jun 29 As the solar panel scam continued to rock the state, Kerala Chief Minister Oomen Chandy today assured that the guilty would not be spared.
East Ridge girls swimming and diving team members Jenna Karrow, Bailee Meyer and Alyssa Kong each earned All-State honors with their finishes at the Class A state meet, held last week at the University of Minnesota Aquatic Center.
Clarke tipped to win the AB Medal Updated: 21:05, Sunday February 26, 2012 Michael Clarke is almost certain to cap a sensational first season as Test skipper with his third Allan Border Medal on Monday night.
Advisor to PM on textile Dr. Mirza Ikhtiar Baig has said that consistency in economic policies build trust among investors.
Novotechnik introduces the TX2 series of position sensors with stroke lengths up to 300 mm. The new sensor is sealed to IP67 and has an 18 mm diameter housing size.
With the Diamond Jubilee celebrations marking the start of a busy summer filled with many public events in addition to the school holidays, police in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight will be placing additional focus on tackling anti-social behaviour again this summer.
A man holds a sign depicting Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as a devil during a protest against government austerity measures in central Madrid July 19, 2012.
The Twins have no set timetable for the return of Aaron Hicks, who began his rehab assignment on Tuesday night with Triple-A Rochester.
Shinya Aoki, widely considered to be the number two lightweight in the world, will move up to welterweight to participate in the 2009 DREAM Welterweight Grand Prix.
Michael Essien has returned to Chelsea for treatment after his season-long loan at Real Madrid was put on hold.
Turkey and India issued joint declarations on combating terrorism and scientific & technological cooperation during Turkish President Abdullah Gül's visit to India.
Amitabh is discharged from the hospital, Bachchan was admitted on his birthday, Oct 11.
``Republican Presidential candidate, Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks at the ISO Poly Films plant, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2011, in Gray Court, SC Perry on Wednesday said that he has ''no doubt`` that President Barack Obama is an American citizen.
A Washington County personal care home operator is appealing the revocation of one license and the downgrade of three others at a complex in Canonsburg.
SuperGeo Technologies, the leading global provider of complete GIS software and solutions, announced that Japan Hiroshima University selected SuperPad 3 through Information & Science Techno-System Co., Ltd., SuperGeo�s reseller in Japan.
Raw cotton remained steady on Friday despite a fall in the international market, dealers said.
Woolworths Ltd. said Friday first-half net profit rose 11.4% from a year earlier and announced a stock buyback that would give as much as 355 million Austrlian dollars back to shareholders.
China has reported its first death of A/H1N1 influenza on Tuesday, according to a Health Ministry statement on its website.
Smartphone use is expected to increase exponentially over the coming months, and mobile commerce sales are forecast to reach US$10 billion in 2012, an increase from only US$6 billion in 2011, according to Ingrid Froelich at SDL Web Content Management Solutions, who here explains how marketers can get closer to these valuable mobile customers.
FUEL thefts are on the increase in Bolton due to rocketing increases in petrol prices caused by unrest in the Middle East, a motoring retailer claims.
Robert C. Truax, a retired Navy captain and pioneering rocket engineer whose adventurous projects included working with daredevil Evel Knievel and building a rocket in his backyard, has died.
San Diego police Friday named a suspect in the shooting death of a self-employed cab driver in La Jolla and asked for the public's help in tracking him down.
Srinagar, Aug 29 Curfew was today clamped in parts of Srinagar, Kupwara and Kralpora towns and restrictions were imposed on people''s movement in Hyderpora and Budgam towns in view of a shutdown call by separatists across the Kashmir Valley.
A LETHAL cocktail of alcohol and drugs killed a popular Malvern man at a homeless shelter, an inquest has heard.
Iconic country music legend, Country Hall of Famer and most recently a Kennedy Center Honoree, Merle Haggard is releasing a new album, Working In Tennessee, on October 4th.
A triple-whammy storm was expected to slam parts of the Northland today, dropping huge dollops of snow on northern Wisconsin and bringing nasty winds with bitter cold for the entire region.
A Lake Worth man was shot in front of his daughter during an attempted robbery early Thursday morning.
THE shattered mother of serial killer Colin Norris yesterday told the Sunday Mail: ``I was so proud of him.''
Internet, video and other cloud services, which comprise information communications and technology industry, spews more than 830 million tonnes of carbon dioxide annually, researchers found.
``China stole the show in the carrier VoIP and IMS markets in the first quarter of 2010,'' said Diane Myers, directing analyst for service provider VoIP and IMS at Infonetics Research.
A state panel is suggesting a $1 increase in Illinois license plate fee to encourage usage of electric cars.
A Superior Court judge has upheld a $4.5 million verdict against Cambridge for retaliating against a city employee who filed a discrimination complaint.
A Minnesota man is in federal custody for allegedly threatening buildings in North Dakota's largest city.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan had Thursday a phone conversation on the initiative of Mrs. Clinton, who invited the RA President to Washington to attend a Nuclear Security Summit.
Further rates cuts are needed to kick start recovery in the construction industry after the national dwelling commencements fell sharply in the September quarter, according the Master Builders Association.
A prominent Uzbek rights activist says her son has been injured in a knife attack in the capital, Tashkent, RFE/RL's Uzbek Service reports.
In a speech delivered at the White House, President Obama said, ``These are extraordinary times,'' adding, ``At a time of such great challenge for America, no single issue is as fundamental to our future as energy.''
Crude prices fell Tuesday on energy demand concerns as the US economy continues to struggle, Xinhua informed.
Now, we've learned the City of Tulsa set a new water usage record on Saturday.
A domestic violence suspect got stuck in the ceiling of his Gilbert home while trying to escape from police officers early Monday morning.
Prime minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday that the country's nuclear energy programme has allowed India to ``think big'' and that power from nuclear plants would reduce its over dependence on fossil fuels and combat climate change over the next decades.
A former high school football star has been sentenced to 10 years in prison with a possibility of serving a majority of it on probation for robbing three woman at gunpoint in August.
If Shekhar Gupta, Editor-in-Chief, Indian Express, is to be believed, ``We have got freedom, but we don't know how to deal with it. We are scared of our freedom.''
White House spokesman Jay Carney says US aid to Pakistan is always under review and cautioned Pakistan to address possible links between its government and militants from Afghanistan.
This first major troop deployment under Mr Obama comes as his administration reviews US policy in Afghanistan.In his statement authorizing additional deployment of troops Tuesday President Obama said ``I do it today mindful that the situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan demands urgent attention and swift action.''
Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala on Wednesday backed a Khap leader's statement that girls should be married early to prevent rapes, according to a report.
The Last of Us is the No.1 selling video game in Japan for the week ended June 23, according to figures released by Media Create.
Yemeni officials claim that 21 suspected al Qaeda militants have been killed in clashes with troops in southern Yemen.
VIP security in Delhi will be trimmed very soon following a directive from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde has said.
Three people were injured Monday in Callaway County when a driver had a seizure while driving on I-70.
A Te Anau farmer says she's never seen snow like that on her farm on Sunday.
Former Darwin Lord Mayor Peter Adamson has been released from jail after serving time for stealing.
Bobby Brown won't be banned from the invitation-only New Jersey funeral of his ex-wife Whitney Houston, a source close to Brown told ABC News.
Carlyle Group just closed a $1.3bn distressed debt fund, and Providence Equity Partners is raising $1bn for its first debt fund to date, Investment Dealers' Digest reported, citing undisclosed sources.
A Westmont woman in her 70s has died from West Nile virus, the DuPage County Health Department confirmed Tuesday.
Details of who he is, whence he came and who he showed porn to have been coming out in dribs and drabs.
``She's sharp for her age, a smart woman. She worked hard all her life,'' said Stew, 49.
One person in Gaston County was tested for swine flu Friday, but the test from the state lab came back negative, according to Gaston County Health Director Colleen Bridger.
Indian Railways will set up five sports academies at Delhi, Secunderabad, Chennai, Kolkata and Mumbai as its contribution to the encouragement of sports in the country, Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee announced in Parliament.
A first-ever national mental health strategy has been developed for Canada.
A former Wichita pastor and USD 259 school board member is accused of sexual misconduct at his new church in Dallas.
The British Queen is to cut her spending by nearly 200,000 pounds this year, and has imposed a pay freeze on her senior staff in the wake of the economic crisis in the UK, a media report said.
By WIRE SERVICES Alec Baldwin will receive the 2,433rd star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday, honoring a career which has included appearing in more than 40 films, winning two Emmy awards and hosting ''Saturday Night Live'' a record-tying 15 times.
Striker Nicolas Anelka was thrown off France's World Cup squad Saturday after reportedly insulting coach Raymond Domenech.
Tajik and Kyrgyz security council secretaries heading government delegations met in Khujand,
Congress on Saturday said it would not quit from ministry in West Bengal despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee stating that it was free to leave the alliance, stressing that it would remain in the government as long as the people desired.
Staples Inc., the Framingham-based office products retailer, said it held a dedication ceremony today to unveil the largest single rooftop solar power installation in Maryland at the company's 200,200-square-foot fulfillment center in Hanover, Md.
Republican Sen. John McCain told voters in this key electoral state Tuesday he was personally tested by the same kind of crisis that Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joe Biden warned that Sen. Barack Obama will almost certainly face if elected president.
Rutgers head women's basketball coach C. Vivian Stringer will attend a White House dinner on Thursday evening, March 19 as part of Women's History Month.
Bloomsbury-- the publisher of the Harry Potter books--has denied plagiarism claims made against Harry Potter author JK Rowling.
The World Bank Wednesday said it had approved a $232 million loan for road projects in the Philippines which includes measures to prevent a repeat of earlier corruption allegations.
Retired Judge Salim Jreissati was appointed Friday as the new labor minister, replacing his predecessor Charbel Nahhas, and Prime Minister Najib Mikati announced that Cabinet sessions would resume Monday.
Blackburn have issued a statement to deny they have missed a payment due to Dundee United for striker David Goodwillie.
Leicester manager Sven-Goran Eriksson says he has failed in a bid to sign former England midfielder David Beckham from the Los Angeles Galaxy.
Bridgit Mendler auditioned for the role of Sonny in Sonny with a Chance and although it was given to Demi Lovato instead, the execs at Disney knew there was something special about this girl.
A PENSIONER got the fright of his life when he was told by Centrelink workers he was listed as dead.
Two men were shot last night in Jersey City, officials said.
Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. , announced today that it has secured a $2 million credit facility with Paragon Commercial Bank.
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Thursday that a strong dollar was very important to the United States.
Google Inc. today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire AdMob, a mobile display ad technology provider, for $750 million in stock.
The Georgia Boy Choir will perform Friday and Saturday at Peachtree Road United Methodist Church, where the choir is serving as ensemble-in-residence.
The Travis County sheriff's office is investigating the death of a man whose body was found in Lake Travis Sunday afternoon.
``The market is likely to open flat with positive bias taking cues from the global market. Asian market rose for a second day on optimism the US economy is weathering Europe`s sovereign- debt crisis. US market also advanced as European leaders discussed shoring up the region`s currency and investors awaited the start of the fourth-quarter earnings season,`` said SMC Global Research.
Sen. Judd Gregg said Monday that he ``basically'' has an agreement on derivatives language with Sen. Jack Reed to be included in the financial regulatory bill.
$A dips as RBA leaves rates on hold Updated: 16:55, Tuesday April 2, 2013 $A dips as RBA leaves rates on hold Rates Dollar The Australian dollar fell by 0.1 of a US cent after the RBA rate left the cash rate unchanged at its April board meeting.
EL CAJON, Calif. - A psychiatrist is facing disciplinary action by the Medical Board of California, accused of collecting extra narcotics from patients and distributing them to others out of a basket in his office.
Hopes for the job market brightened Thursday ahead of a closely watched report on the nation's employment picture -- although experts cautioned that the economy probably isn't creating jobs as quickly as usual after a recession.
Firefighters are staying busy this month in Yellowstone National Park, where they have successfully contained one fire while fire bosses are keeping an eye on several others.
SEZ developers are all set to move court on the MAT levy, reports CNBC-TV18.
The Marsh is proud to present Marilyn Pittman's It's All The Rage:
Colorado Rockies right-hander Kip Wells will have surgery Tuesday for a blood clot in his right hand.
Bloomberg Businessweek has apologized for publishing a racist cover image that has vile depictions of blacks and Hispanics.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was being released from the hospital today to return to his home in Cape Cod and begin charting treatment for a cancerous brain tumor that experts say is almost certainly fatal.
PokerTek, Inc., , the industry pioneer and worldwide leader in automated poker tables and related software, today reported that it has applied to transfer its securities from The NASDAQ Global Market to The NASDAQ Capital Market.
AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli said on Friday, he was sorry for missing some scoring chances in the friendly against Brazil.
Two people were jailed on various drug charges Friday after authorities executed a search warrant in White Township.
Melbourne nightclub drug blitz nets 23 Updated: 20:09, Monday April 22, 2013 Police have arrested more than 20 people in a crackdown on young Melbourne partygoers popping pills after dawn.
A door to door salesman is accused of assaulting a man who refused to buy what he was selling.
IOC President Jacques Rogge visited Qingdao city, the location of the 2008 Summer Games Olympic Sailing events on Monday, August 19.
Pakistan Captain Younis Khan has desired that his appeal should be heard in front of the media where as appeals judge Irfan Qadir said other Pakistani players facing PCB bans and fines, were in favour of a closed door hearing.
In a ruling which could pave the way towards huge lawsuits against tobacco companies, the top US court on Monday said smokers can sue over the allegedly deceptive marketing of ``light'' cigarettes.
Dennis Kucinich, a US Congressman from Ohio, told a newspaper in Cleveland Thursday that he will be dropping out of the presidential race.
Actress Keira Knightley has won rave reviews for her debut performance in the West End production of The Misanthrope.
The entire Fiji rugby board has been forced to step down by Government intervention after an alleged mismanagement of a lottery.
Italy will be showcasing a temporary exhibition of 265 innovation projects at the Shanghai Expo to promote the country's technological excellences and know- how, officials said Wednesday.
Jody Powell, press secretary to former President Jimmy Carter and one of his most trusted advisers, died of a heart attack Monday at his home on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
People who eat a Mediterranean diet comprised of large amounts of vegetables and fish live longer, is the unanimous result of four studies by the Sahlgrenska Academy, Sweden.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor after suffering a seizure at his home on May 17, 2008.
The Bikers, Babes and Bulls event held Wednesday night at the 212 Bait Shop, just outside of Belle Fourche, was dubbed a 'success.
Ashley Alexandra Dupré, the call girl who was involved in the sensational scandal that caused the downfall of former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer, has filed a $10 million lawsuit against ``Girls Gone Wild'' and its founder, Joe Francis.
An arson fire in northwest Las Vegas did about $75,000 damage to a vacant condominium, fire officials said.
Tech Mahindra has opened a BPO centre in Kolkata for a sitting capacity of 1,000 employees, in 50,000 square feet of prime floor space at DLF Towers.
SYRIA is providing a 'wider array' of missiles to Hizbollah, a US diplomat said Friday, stopping short of accusing Damascus of supplying Scuds to the Lebanese Shi'ite militia.
A top Georgian defense official has accused Russia of trying to promote war in Abkhazia.
World Mental Health Day was marked across the globe, inlcuding Pakistan today with an aim to educate unaware individuals on Mental Health issues.
The widespread adoption of server virtualization by businesses will ``take some time'', according to an IT expert.
Movie and television studio Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. said Wednesday after the markets closed that it swung to a fourth quarter loss, as theatrical marketing and acquisition-related costs overshadowed strong revenue growth.
Shots were fired into a Rock Hill home late Monday while five people, including a teenager and a 77-year-old woman, were inside sleeping.
STX OSV reports third quarter results that include growth in revenue and operating profit of 57 percent and 52 percent respectively, compared with the same period last year, reaching NOK 3.4 billion and NOK 557 million respectively.
Oil prices are hovering near US$80 a barrel in Asia as investors eye mixed signals on the strength of the US economy.
President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said economic development is vital to good governance, but added that we cannot distribute the wealth which we do not possess and therefore production of wealth must necessarily be one of the predominant objectives of state policy.
Scarlett Johansson got star number 2470 in the motion picture category on the Hollywood Walk of Fame this morning.
45 Azeri women, including four girls suffered domestic violence in the recent two years, Azerbaijani Deputy Interior Minister Oruj Zalov stated at the parliamentary session, Dec.2.
Several Lewis County businesses were recently hit with fines and threatened with closure for not renewing necessary food permits.
A Highland woman arrested after allegedly walking drunk down Duck Lake Road with her young child trailing behind her has pleaded no contest to a charge of child abuse.
Clarkstown was still recovering from Hurricane Irene late Monday afternoon but was making progress.
My hometown newspaper, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, which has among its readers quite a few Penn State alumni, is urging Penn State to return the Mann grant:
Yuzuf Raza Gilani, Pakistan prime minister told parliamentarians that it was Washington that helped create al-Qaeda during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
China has launched ``Red'' Twitter, identical to the US micro-blogging website, except that its messages are designed to promote revolutionary spirit.
The only independent movie theater in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area is closing.
The home prices in the Australian capital city has fallen 0.2 per cent in August from July levels, according to latest data from research firms RP Data and Rismark International.
Lou Holtz, who led Notre Dame to the 1988 national championship, has been named to the College Football Hall of Fame.
All eyes will be on tainted CWG OC chief Suresh Kalmadi as sources say that he is likely to appear before the CBI on Monday.
Jacoby Ellsbury, who suffered a subluxation of his right shoulder Friday, will be examined again soon now that it's been almost 48 hours since the injury took place.
Who will replace the suspended Jeremy Mayfield?
Italy has recalled its ambassador to Brazil, protesting a recent decision there to grant political asylum to a man wanted for murders in the 1970s, according to a Jan. 27 announcement by the Italian Foreign Ministry.
Corruption in business and government is a symptom of excessive greed by many in positions of power.
The man police dubbed the ``plaid shirt robber'' was sentenced to 20 years in prison on federal charges related to a bank robbery in Charleston.
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords led the National Anthem on the final night of the 2012 DNC convention in Charlotte.
After disbanding in 2007, a home for people recovering from alcohol and drug addictions has been re-established in Cape Girardeau.
Shark Hanlon is hoping Murchu can earn a tilt at the Irish Grand National with victory in a competitive event at Navan on Monday.
The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. announced three executive appointments that will strengthen the company's global management team.
Ghana midfielder Sulley Muntari joined Sunderland on loan until the end of the season from Inter Milan on Saturday.
Concord, MA is the first town in the US to ban bottled water.
BOSTON ― The Red Sox have put Jacoby Ellsbury back on the 15-day disabled list after the star outfielder complained of more soreness in his ribs.
Two people received minor injuries Sunday morning in a one-car rollover south of Park Rapids.
After whirlwind goodbyes to fans, diminutive rapper Lil Wayne was sentenced to one year in jail on Monday after he pleaded guilty on a gun possession charge in a 2007 incident.
Robinson between Main and Park and Sheridan between Hudson and Robinson will reopen to traffic on Wednesday, April 18.
Iran has hanged a convicted murderer in a prison in the northern city of Qazvin, the Etemad newspaper reported on Wednesday.
The Tallmadge girls track and field team fell to 1-1 overall and 1-1 in the Suburban League after losing an 82-55 decision to Highland April 16 in Medina.
I can't give up on this Michigan State men's basketball season yet.
Renard's Cheese is recalling bacon cold-pack cheese spread sold at its Sturgeon Bay store, because the product may be contaminated with the bacteria called Listeria monocytogenes.
Stynes steps down, leaving Demons legacy Updated: 21:22, Wednesday February 1, 2012 As he assumed the Melbourne presidency, Jim Stynes wept while speaking of his dream of watching the Demons with his grandchildren.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on Wednesday that Britain will scrap all cluster bombs in its arsenal, in a bid to break a deadlock at ongoing negotiations in Dublin towards banning the weapons.
Hall & Oates - are suing their own music publisher.
HONOLULU - Hawaiian Airlines flight attendants have ratified a new contract that gives them a 15 percent raise over five years.
We're just four months away now from the August primaries and Wednesday the first candidate for governor will put his name on the ballot.
The popular energy drink Red Bull is facing a nationwide ban in Germany after traces of cocaine were found in the beverage.
Foreclosures in New Jersey take an average of 974 days, or more than 2 1/2 years, RealtyTrac Inc. reported Wednesday.
Israel asks Hungary to withdraw award Updated: 19:46, Tuesday March 19, 2013 Hungary should withdraw a state journalism award given to a TV presenter whose station was fined in 2011 for making derogatory remarks about Gypsies and Jews, Israel's ambassador says.
A mass drill has taken place in countries around the Indian Ocean to test an early tsunami warning system.
Residents in Attleboro worked late into the evening Monday to dig out of the snow left by the weekend's winter storm.
KAMPALA, Uganda is this week hosting the Pepsi ICC Africa Division One Under 19 World Cup qualifiers, that will have eight countries battling for the only slot left for Africa at the World Cup to be held at the United Arab Emirates in 2014.
Associated Newspapers plans to close freesheet London Lite, the company said today, putting 36 jobs at risk.
Alberto Contador won the Tour de France for a second time and Lance Armstrong capped his return to the race with an impressive third-place finish.
Ashihara karate tournament will take place in one of the Bishkek sport clubs on March 15, 2009 secretary general of the martial art's federation Nikolai Ragrin informed.
International retail giant Carrefour has reported ``stable'' sales of €22.7bn for the first quarter of this year.
Apple has launched a brand new iPod Shuffle which is even smaller than the previous model!
At least 27 deaths in eight states are blamed on Hurricane Ike and its remnants.
South Carolina's Senate majority leader says he will push for more recorded votes to make lawmakers more accountable to taxpayers.
The new law on abandoned watercraft is in effect as of Tuesday.
Mayors of Shelby, Bellville, Ontario, Lexington and Mansfield endorsed Mark Romanchuk for state representative during a news conference Thursday.
Johnson & Johnson has opened doors on a new London innovation centre, the first of four regional hubs it plans to have up and running this year.
Private equity is gaining greater acceptance in India where rising borrowing costs and a tanking stock market have shut down other means of funding, forcing family-owned businesses to tap a source they had once shunned.
Akshay Kumar has roped in Rob Lowe for the Indo-Canadian film Breakaway, which he is co-producing.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. Charges have been dropped against well-known Hmong leader Vang Pao in connection with an alleged plot to overthrow the government of Laos, federal prosecutors said Friday.
Two alleged gangs of robbers have been busted by the South Delhi police in separate incidents.
A recent study that appeared in the medical journal The Lancet on Friday has revealed that babies born today, that is, the contemporary times, in the developed or rich countries will live up to a 100 years, going by the current patterns of life expectancy.
Ivan Rakitic's agent admits he's met with Juve sporting director Alessio Secco, but the purpose of the get-together was not to discuss his client...
Magnolia Petroleum will increase output and reserves substantially in the years ahead, shareholders at today's annual general meeting will be told.
New York's Legislature has adopted its latest ethics reforms, but Gov. David Paterson says he will veto the package because he wants a tougher measure.
Greece has announced that 85.8 % of private creditors holding 172 billion Euros in bonds have accepted its bond swap offer to cut the debts owed to them by struggling Greece.
Mumbai, Sep 25 Pharmaceutical firm Strides Arcolab today said it has launched its anti-swine flu drug 'Starflu'.
US military deaths in Iraq have fallen in May to the lowest monthly level in more than four years.
A Menominee native was killed by an alleged drunk driver Sunday in a traffic crash in Cedarburg, Wisconsin near Milwaukee.
Complaints from a parent and a push from a principal and school resource officer have led to tighter traffic restrictions around Sleepy Hill Middle School.
Malia Obama, daughter of the US president Obama, took out some time from her school studies to enjoy Rihhanna's concert with her friends.
Economics Writer Construction spending rose unexpectedly in August on the biggest jump in housing activity in nearly 16 years, another sign the housing sector is mounting a recovery.
Foreign nationals owed more than RM3 million in government hospital bills in the first three months of this year.
Britain's first private dental school will open next September.
The Golden State Warriors have suspended guard/forward Stephen Jackson for two games due to conduct detrimental to the team during last night's game against the Los Angeles Lakers, the team announced today.
Prague international airport was renamed after late Czech President Vaclav Havel at a ceremony on Friday, marking the 76th birthday of the country's anti-communist hero who died last year, AFP reported.
Since initial release earlier this year, the WorkZero platform has revolutionized cloud based project and workflow management.
The 2010 South-West monsoon is likely to be normal.
Colocation provider Internap Network Services announced on Monday it has expanded its Houston data center at 1301 Fannin Street.
Simon Cowell won't wed until 2011 - to help him best promote his new X-Factor show in the US, it has been claimed.
The fatal shooting of a 29-year-old man is thought to be gang related, sources said.Police were called to Nugget Street, in the St Mary's area of Oldham, at 10.30pm on Friday to reports of a man with gunshot wounds.The injured man was taken to the Royal Oldham Hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest, where he later died, a Greater Manchester Police spokesman said.Nobody else is thought to have been injured and no arrests have been made.Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call Oldham CID on 0161 856 8951 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Authorities have identified the man who died after jumping off Punchbowl Falls in the Columbia River Gorge as a man from Cincinnati.
After giving trials in Scotland and England last year, East Bengal and India midfield general Mehtab Hossain is set for trials in the first and second tier of Spanish football this summer, his new agent Ravi Daswani confirmed to Sportskeeda on Wednesday.
Indochino has introduced 40 character suit monogramming, the worlds first and longest clothing messaging system.
Government offices and courts in the capital opened on Wednesday after a long holiday, including the Eid-ul-Fitr vacation, though the usual buzz was amiss due to presence of fewer staff.
CITIGROUP Inc sued Morgan Stanley on Friday for breach of contract, saying the Wall Street firm owed it US$245.4 million for protection it bought on a loan.
Gil Meche is scheduled to test his ``dead arm'' Monday with a light throwing session.
Guyana has met its food security obligation and is now generating wealth for local farmers.
AP Photo NYET179 NEW YORK Joaquin Phoenix is quitting movies to focus on music.
Too many big companies are shifting their profit centres to parts of the world where they can avoid paying tax, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said on Tuesday.
In a bid to ensure benefits for the common man, the Odisha government has decided to fill up the vacant posts of all the departments by relaxing the recruitment rules for field employees and officers.
Yogurtland is setting its sites on Boston as the next US growth target as it continues its steady, fast-moving expansion across the country.
The last American veteran of World War I is being buried with full military honours at the prestigious Arlington National Cemetery just outside Washington, DC
South Korean communications provider KT has launched an automatic LTE roaming service in Singapore.
Chinese solar panel maker LDK Solar Co Ltd, which partially defaulted on a bond payment this week, reported on Thursday its seventh straight quarterly loss as it struggles to meet looming debt payments of more than $3 billion.
Prince William has chosen his brother Prince Harry to be his best man at his forthcoming wedding.
12 hours, 26 minutes ago in Politics Former Secretary of State Colin Powell is accusing former Vice President Dick Cheney of taking ``cheap shots'' at him and others in a new book.
ROCHESTER, Minn. -Gallagher's manager says the comedian is recovering from a minor heart attack after collapsing during a performance in Minnesota.
Paul Craig Roberts, former Assistant Secretary to the US Treasury, says for several reasons the US is not and cannot become a democracy.
ES3 Marketing LLC, a leading internet information marketing training company, launches new internet marketing blog with industry news, tips, and unique strategies called ProIMer.com.
A bus has exploded in Jerusalem, and people are being taken away on stretchers.
Imperial Petroleum, which is engaged in the production and exploration of crude oil and natural gas, has signed a term sheet with an undisclosed partner to develop its previously announced oil sands recovery technology.
The annual report on the economic well-being of US households shows the overall poverty rate rose last year to 14.3 percent.
David Moyes accepts that it's time he won a trophy at Everton -- perhaps while Tim Cahill is still a force to be reckoned with: ``We have been a decent team in the Premier League for quite a few years now...
Microsoft (MSFT) has posted record revenues for the last quarter, with a total revenue of $16.04 billion, which is just $300 million ahead of the quarterly results posted by Apple (AAPL) just a few days ago.
Tiner, who joins the FSSC board at its next meeting in July 2008 is Tiner was widely credited with bringing a new focus to the regulator, basing it around risk-based and principles-based regulation.
OIL hovered below $81 yesterday after data showed a jump in US crude stocks but a drop in oil product inventories, leaving uncertainty over the strength of demand recovery in the world's largest energy user.
Ina miraculous escape, five people sustained minor injuries when the car in which they were travelling, skidded off the road and almost fell into a gorge on Sunday.The incident took place when a few youngsters, between the age group of 20 and 25 years, were returning from Jaigarh fort, a police official said.
British doctors say a Pakistani girl shot in the head by Taliban fanatics will undergo one final surgery to cover the hole left in her skull with a titanium plate.
The rotavirus vaccine is effective in protecting children against the potentially deadly disease during the first year of life but may require a booster shot after infancy to maintain efficacy, says a new study published in the in the August 2012 issue of the journal Pediatrics.
Justin Bieber has announced that he is prepared to 'take a DNA test' and prove that he is not the father of Mariah Yeater's baby.
A man tried to open a door on an Alaska Airlines flight from Anchorage as it descended into Portland, authorities said.
Panaji, Dec 17 Hindu or saffron terrorism was a 'figment of imagination' and a phrase coined by vested interests who were working against the nation, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad said here Friday.
The Nasdaq Stock Market said it will ``voluntarily'' stop offering so-called flash order types, the controversial service that gives certain firms an advanced look at market-bound trading orders.
Actor and TV personality Rosie O'Donnell is engaged to her girlfriend Michelle Rounds.
A man will appear in court today charged with arson offences following bushfires in the Royal National Park in Sydney's south.
A man who lead police on a chase across the North Side is now in jail.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke announced no new economic stimulus measures during his speech at a conference of central bank governors in Wyoming, but left open the possibility of more action by the Fed if another downturn looks likely.
A US lawyer has been accused of sexism after complaining that a busty woman working for his rival was too distracting to the jury.
Pollack died of cancer at his home in Pacific Palisades today surrounded by his family, his agent Leslee Dart said.
Jockey Aaron Gryder, who rode Well Armed to a 14-length victory in the Emirates Airline Dubai World Cup in March, will ride in Hong Kong.
under USA TODAY News Top President Obama political aide David Axelrod said little today about a past fight with Attorney General Eric Holder, but flatly denies reports that he attended high-level national security meetings.
Officials are investigating after a police pursuit started near Kirkwood just before 9 pm on Monday and ended in Franklin County between Gray Summit and the Washington overpass.
The Jacksonville Jaguars signed second-year punter Durant Brooks to a contract today, the club announced.
CPN-Maoist Chairman Mohan Baidya said that the four major parties have pushed the nation towards fascism by electing Chief Justice Khil Raj Regmi as the head of the executive.
First-time weekly jobless claims have jumped unexpectedly to 667,000.
No. 7 RIT men's lacrosse win Liberty League regular season title with convincing win at St. Lawrence In a battle of two nationally-ranked teams with the Liberty League regular season title on the line, No. 7 RIT sprinted out to a 7-0 halftime lead and never looked back, beating No. 17 St. Lawrence 15-5 on Saturday in the regular season finale The win clinch a share of the regular season title for the Tigers who will be the top seed in the tournament, hosting Clarkson in the semifinals next Friday.
The 24-hour strike that started at midnight caused no transport collapse, however.
CARACAS, Venezuela Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned to Cuba to begin chemotherapy nearly a month after surgery to remove a tumor, and he is expressing optimism the treatment will help him survive his cancer.
Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee today said that work for the Eastern freight corridor of the Railways would start next week and it will be done without any assistance from any financial institution.
CONCORD, Calif. A woman was arrested after allegedly robbing a Wells Fargo bank in Concord and then trying to flee in a waiting taxicab Friday morning, a police sergeant said.
Nokia Corp. said Tuesday it would lay off 1,700 people worldwide to cut costs, as the global economic downturn strikes deeper into the mobile phone sector.
The United Way of Bay County is hosting a golf outing beginning at 9 am Friday at Maple Leaf Golf Course.
A bomb threat closed Stockholm's modern art museum on Tuesday, two days after an exhibit about degrading stereotypes that black people have endured prompted one Swedish organization to demand that the nation's culture minister resign.
Former Central Intelligence Agency Executive Director Kyle ``Dusty'' Foggo pled guilty this morning to count one of an indictment charging that he defrauded the United States and its citizens of their right to his honest services, Karen P. Hewitt, United States Attorney for the Southern District of California and Chuck Rosenberg, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia announced today.
Deer hunting season started early for a group of 54 disabled war veterans who had the opportunity to go hunting at Camp Ripley.
US consumer confidence dipped in May reflecting a pessimistic view in the short term.
Anna Friel bared all for a star-studded audience at the opening night of her new play.
Stocks plunged again Wednesday as investors turned their attention back to the weak global economy and Europe's debt problems.
Insolvency specialist Begbies Traynor Group said it was trading in line with expectations , despite challenging market conditions.
Jose Bautista made a rare appearance at first base during Thursday's 16-inning marathon against the Indians.
A 31-year-old woman was attacked and raped by two men when she got off a bus in San Diego's Barrio Logan neighborhood, police said.
While hearing a letter filed by former justice Wajihuddin and former Chief of Jamaat-i-Islami Qazi Hussain Ahmed against obscenity aired on TV channels, Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry observed on Monday that TV channels are ``spreading vulgarity'' and Pemra is doing nothing to prevent it.
Philippine inflation will likely remain subdued in May, which bodes well for an economy heavily reliant on domestic consumption, central bank officials said on Thursday.
Irvin Khoza must be a man and accept the fact that an unknown, Kirsten Nematandani, is the new president of the South African Football Association, writes iafrica.com's Khaya Ndubane.
Somalia authorized foreign powers to use force against pirates holding a ship loaded with tanks for $20 million ransom.
WA Premier Colin Barnett has warned fellow Liberals and media against targeting federal opposition treasury spokeswoman Julie Bishop.
Lynne Hume, the estate agent from Ballito whose body was discovered in her burnt-out car near Kestell, had asked her kidnappers beforehand whether they were going to kill her, the State has alleged in its indictment against three men in the Free State High Court on Monday.
Preparation for the Oscars in Hollywood continues as people are gathering to a catch a glance of the Academy Awards while Dana Delany, Ty Burrell, Kathy Najimy and Rachael Leigh Cook are some of the celebrities that are recording public service announcements for the Creative Coalition Friday at Haven 360 while co-president Tim Daly is directing the public service of the announcements that air on ABC with the celebrities singing.
BLACKBURN, England -Blackburn midfielder Vince Grella was robbed at knifepoint in his home in northwest England.
France-based efficiency specialist Schneider Electric announced it will acquire Summit Energy Services Inc., a closely held US-based energy procurement company, for $268 million.
A hot hangout on the Chippewa strip is setting its sights a few hours down the 90.
It seems that eBay has removed the option for buyers to ``pay one seller at a time'' from their checkout process.
A judicial inquiry has been ordered into the alleged fake encounter of a youth in Manipur last month even as an organisation spearheading public protests against the killing said it would intensify its stir.
more pics ''Leighton Meester isn't exactly in the comedy scene -- she plays a high school socialite in her hit show Gossip Girl, and that's hardly a funny role -- but she really brings the laughs in her new College Humor video.
A Jackson County man is dead after he was pinned underneath his tractor in an accident this afternoon.
Blizzard conditions prompted authorities to close Interstate 80 across the Sierra, the main east-west link between Northern California and Nevada.
The 49ers have filed tampering charges against the Jets regarding top San Francisco draft pick Michael Crabtree, Jets coach Rex Ryan confirmed Monday.
Barcelona defender Maxwell believes that Pep Guardiola is a better coach than Inter boss Jose Mourinho.
thesportfan1 Sharks beat Blue Jackets 3-2:
The world's largest coal producer Coal India Ltd today said it may consider setting up power plants in the country to utilise excess coal.
A 24-year-old substitute teacher accused of ``sexting'' with a student pleaded not guilty to luring a minor in her first court appearance Friday in Ventura County Superior Court.
The Dodgers fired hitting coach Jeff Pentland on Wednesday, another dismal sign for a franchise that has fallen on hard times.
Harlem churches are offering what sounds like a miracle this weekend; turning guns into cash.
Justin Timberlake has been granted an indefinite restraining order against a woman accused of stalking him.
Atlanta-based hard rockers Sevendust return to Fargo for an Aug. 22 concert at Venue at the Hub.
LDK Solar Co. signed a deal to sell photovoltaic modules to EA Solar Nakornsawan Co. in Thailand.
Thermo Fisher Scientific has unveiled its new Hypersil GOLD hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography columns.
Two men went into Lake Springfield this afternoon when their yellow canoe capsized about 100 yards from a dock at the boathouse.
Manchester City are reportedly looking to make a move for Real Madrid defender Raul Albiol, as they look to capitalize on the defenders uncertain future at the Spanish club.
US President Obama will have lunch with House GOP leaders at the White House Wednesday, including one who said Obama's business outreach ``misses the mark.''
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with breast cancer, but her prognosis for recovery is said to be excellent.
It has been confirmed by the UNWTO that Zimbabwe and Zambia will co-host the 20th session of the General Assembly of the UN World Tourism Organization from August 24-29 this year in their tourist resort towns of Victoria Falls and Livingstone.
In a news release released Friday, NASA officials announced that Stockton Astronaut Hernandez has left NASA for a position in the aerospace industry.
A 25-year-old housewife lodged a complaint with the Amberpet police alleging that she was raped by two men from her neighbourhood in the early hours of Sunday.
Dewey & LeBoeuf will close three of its US offices in an attempt to focus resources in major worldwide capital markets, the New York firm announced Thursday.
Valentino ``Vale'' Rossi is the new brand ambassador for the chic urban small car Opel ADAM in Italy.
NEW YORK Famous Footwear has tapped Campbell Mithun as its new lead agency and appointed Willie Smith svp, marketing for the 1,100-store footwear chain, which is owned by Brown Shoe of New York.
Lauren Pope was bombarded with compliments when she shared a bikini picture on Twitter today.
MEDNAX, Inc. today announced a management transition plan that will lead to the promotions of its Chief Financial Officer, Karl B.
I wonder what Ben Hogan would think about the state of the game today.
Defense Counsel in the case of Human Trafficking involving a Namibian national says the case of human trafficking does not exist.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq, arrived in Baghdad on Wednesday and presented his diplomatic credentials to the conflict-torn nation's head of state, the US embassy said in a statement.
WASHINGTON DC ― President Bush has declared Florida a disaster area in wake of Tropical Storm Fay.
A local teen is behind bars Sunday after investigators say he drove his car into a crowd of people, a spokesperson with the El Paso County Sheriff's Office says.
Parliament Speaker Volodymyr Lytvyn launched his official pages in the VKontakte and Facebook social networks on December 9.
A South African surfer has been found alive 28 hours after falling overboard from a boat off Indonesia's Mentawai Islands.
Indian equities markets slipped further into the red Friday about 90 minutes before trade ended, with a key index trading almost three percent below its previous close.
Copper and gold producer PanAust has upgraded earnings after making an unscheduled fourth shipment of concentrate from its flagship operation in Laos during December.
SANA'A, July 02 - Yemen, the Netherlands and Britain discussed here on Monday the ongoing arrangements for the donor meeting to be held in Riyadh on September 4.
Integrity Systems and owner Louis McCray is a booming company and was recently featured in the Delta Democrat Times.
SAN JOSE, Calif. James Blake won his first competitive match since October, beating qualifier Jesse Levine 7-5, 6-1 in the first round of the SAP Open on Monday.
Caracas, Feb 9 Venezuela is devaluing its currency by 31.7 percent, though the old exchange rate will be honoured for businesses and individuals with pending applications for dollars, Planning Minister Jorge Giordani said Friday.
THE Catholic Church says it will respond to the call by the MMD for dialogue to resolve misunderstandings between the two organisations after a meeting of the Zambia Episcopal Conference in Lusaka next week.
Tiger Woods announced Tuesday that he will begin his 2010 season at the Masters Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in April.
he San Diego Padres withdrew their $4 million offer to Trevor Hoffman on Monday, leaving it unclear whether they would continue to negotiate with the career saves leader.
Indian shares were choppy in early trade on Thursday, with weak regional peers and the last day of monthly derivatives keeping investors wary.
PLANO, Texas JC Penney will stop publishing its twice-yearly ``big book'' catalogs, now that customers increasingly shop online.
Jefferies downgraded OGE Energy from Buy to Hold and cuts its price target from $57 to $55.
BJP State president V. Muraleedharan on Saturday demanded that political parties should desist from making political capital out of the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader TP Chandrasekharan and should not intervene in the investigations.
Web host Dotster has introduced an improved hosting Application Vault, it was reported recently.
After a tragic bus crash left him with internal injuries and temporarily unable to walk, Weezer frontman Rivers Cuomo has been released from a hospital in Albany, New York.
Injuries from playing football are on the rise in US, according to a new study conducted by researchers in the Center for Injury Research and Policy of The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital.
``Today I am quitting the Congress,'' Natwar Singh said while addressing a rally of the Jat community near here.
An Alexandria Police officer lost a tooth while breaking up a fight Tuesday on Yoist Street, according to a police report.
NSW seek extradition for bikie members Updated: 10:30, Monday December 10, 2012 A Comanchero bikie, believed to be the national leader of the outlaw motorcycle gang, is expected to be extradited to NSW after being arrested in Queensland.
The new single survey and home reports will kill off the Scottish property market, a solicitors' organisation claimed last night.
The temporary immigration cap set by home secretary Theresa May in the summer has been ruled unlawful by the High Court.
Miley Cyrus wants a ``bunch of kids'' with fiance Liam Hemsworth.
August 23, 2012 9:20am Mexico ace Hector Herrera insists he not yet held talks about a move to England.
Asiana, the second largest airline in Korea, attaches RFID tags to baggage checked by passengers using domestic flights or the Kimpo-Haneda route.
Victoria Beckham has been asked to design a suit for Lord Alan Sugar after he messaged the singer-turned-designer on Twitter.
MasterCard has become the first card brand to publish its PCI fines and related requirements, a move that could be the latest signal that MasterCard wants to step out of the PCI shadow of its larger rival, Visa.
Goldman Sachs is out with a research report this morning, where is suggests that traders buy 1x2 put spreads on Micron Technology.
JP Morgan on Wednesday upgraded shares of Consol Energy to overweight from neutral.
Iron ore demand should rise from about 800 million tonnes in 2009 to 1,800 Mt by 2025, BHP Billiton head of iron ore Ian Ashby told delegates at the annual Diggers and Dealers conference in Kalgoorlie.
The latest buzz in tinsel ville these days is that ``Kaminey'' starrer Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra will once again sizzle together in big screen.
Marbury cleared waivers earlier in the afternoon and was quickly signed by the Celtics who have been looking for a veteran guard to backup Rajon Rondo and provide some leadership off the bench.
``This is fantasy becoming reality,'' Gilberto Tozzi, director of the Center of Natural Sciences in Prato, told The Associated Press.
NBC has said that The Celebrity Apprentice could continue without Donald Trump if the businessman announced plans to run for office.
FIFA warned French politicians yesterday to beware of meddling in the running of soccer amid national soul-searching and high-level meetings over the traumatic exit of Les Bleus from the World Cup.
A Clearfield County man died Monday after a worksite fuel explosion left him seriously burned.
Alex Chilton, the mercurial if influential rock musician, whose work spanned an eclectic gamut from the soul songs of the Box Tops to the multiple incarnations of his pop band Big Star, has died, The Commercial Appeal of Memphis reported.
Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd is awaiting a response from an Indonesian Islamic bank on its proposed offer to acquire between 30 per cent and 40 per cent stake, said managing director, Datuk Seri Zukri Samat.
Bank of Marin Bancorp announced today that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share.
O2 said it believed it had restored full service to all customers as thoughts turned to compensation among the hundreds of thousands affected by the disruption.
Microsoft Corp today unveiled the world's most advanced tracking technology, Microsoft BlueTrack Technology, which allows consumers to take their mice anywhere and work with confidence on more surfaces than before.
Ireland has a low employment rate at 65% for the prime age cohort of the population, compared with for example 79% in Sweden.
France on Wednesday urged its citizens to leave Ivory Coast after the UN chief warned the former French colony in West Africa faces ``a real risk'' of return to civil war following the disputed elections.
As was expected, the Senate has passed the final 60-vote hurdle for the health-care legislation.
A 35-year-old woman was found dead at her Aman Vihar residence in outer Delhi on Thursday morning.
More than 2,000 Jamaicans and friends of the country from across the United Kingdom, packed the historic Methodist Central Hall in Westminster, London, on July 21, for the official service of Praise and Thanksgiving, to mark Jamaica's 50 th anniversary as an independent nation.
The 10th annual Prostate Cancer Screening got underway on Friday at the Red Cross Headquarters in Road Town, Tortola.
Los Angeles immigrant rights activists are joining a national campaign aimed at the president's promise for immigration reform.
So it comes as no surprise when it was shared that Justin sprained his knee during a recent concert.
A 5-acre brush fire Monday afternoon in Wildomar burned within steps of several homes, damaging the exterior of at least one and charring several outbuildings.
Assemblywoman Donna Lupardo announced today public library construction grant awards to local libraries.
Chinese President Hu Jintao said here Wednesday that important consensus was reached during his talks with US President Barack Obama.
Jeff Clarke has joined Augusta Columbia Capital Group as an MD in the firm's San Francisco office.
A man was killed over a petty dispute here near in Umerkot area on Wednesday.
Islamabad, Oct 1 At least 10 people, including three foreigners, were injured today when a UN helicopter engaged in flood relief operations made a ``forced landing'' in a lake in Pakistan''s southern Sindh province.
'Birthers' may be eyeing a march on Washington in May, meanwhile, Hawaii legislaters hope a bill will allow them to ignore repeated requests for President Obama's birth certificate.
Record-breaking forward Petero Civoniceva has announced he'll retire from rugby league at the end of the season.
Online news release distribution specialist NeonDrum has launched a free eBook offering business-to-business PR professionals its ``Top 10 Secrets of Great Online PR''.
Finnish Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen said at a news conference in Helsinki on Monday that the EU stability package agreed on by EU finance ministers in Brussels would avert new recession.
Moderate social drinking significantly reduces the risk of dementia and cognitive impairment, according to an analysis of 143 studies by Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine researchers.
Juan Mata hails David de Gea for the save that prevented him from sending Chelsea through to the FA Cup semi-finals.
Explosions were reported Sunday night in the Libyan capital, Tripoli.
Unit member Game will reunite with mentor Dr. Dre on his upcoming release the RED Album, which is due in stores on August 23rd.
Nicola Roberts loves The Promise Updated: 08:29, Monday September 10, 2012 Nicola Roberts favourite Girls Aloud song is 'The Promise' because they really had to fight for it to be released.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, has warned of the ``severe'' consequences of raising interest rates.
The Detroit Free Press's Naomi R. Patton reports that the ever-under-covered Hockey in the Hood tournament at Detroit's Jack Adams Arena kicked off on Saturday, and it concludes today with championship games:
Iran executed in public three men convicted of involvement in a deadly mosque bombing in the southeast of the country, the official IRNA news agency reported yesterday.
Glee stars Cory Monteith, Mark Salling, Chris Colfer and Kevin McHale will be co-hosting the Teen Choice Awards next month.
This week, One Square Mile reporters Benjamin Gottlieb and Christine Trang asked employees and business owners what matters most to them about their companies and the Fox Hills area.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s fans might not have liked it, but the driver himself has no issue with Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson for passing him under caution at Martinsville.
19 de marzo de 2013, 15:09Belgrade, Mar 19 Serbia and Kosovo will analyze tomorrow the autonomy of the Kosovo Serb community in the seventh round of talks between both sides in Brussels, the media announced today in this capital.
Cuba will hold a new census in September 2012, the director of the National Statistics Office said Tuesday.
Vandals took to the north-end streets over the weekend, targeting campaign signs for the two mayoral candidates for the city of Circleville.
Photo by AFP All Parties Hurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq Saturday said that Kashmir issue should be resolved on priority basis.
First-ballot Hall of Famer Stan Musial, who won three National League MVP awards, died Saturday at age 92.
Iceland has formally recognised the Palestinian state at a ceremony in Reykjavik, becoming one of the first Western European countries to do so.
A Henning man died of a medical condition while driving near the city of Ottertail, Minn., on Nov. 24, according to the Otter Tail County Sheriff's Department.
She had a home court advantage, obviously, but she has vastly improved a key weakness over the past 18 months--her one-on-one interview skills.
US discount retailer Family Dollar Stores Inc says it intends to open up to 500 stores next year after reporting record fourth quarter and full-year sales and earnings.
Fulham loanee Paul Stalteri has put his future on hold as he bids to help keep the Cottagers in the Premier League.
Four women jumped off a moving train to escape two robbers in Sommerset West, Western Cape police said.
Pop star Madonna may face a ban from Russian authorities for coming out in support of feminist punk-rock band Pussy Riot.
Two national reports have found that Blaine high school is one of the best high schools in the nation.
Acting Port Adelaide captain Troy Chaplin says the Power's playing group is the ``laughing stock of the AFL''.
Syria's prime minister narrowly escaped an assassination attempt in the heart of the heavily defended capital Monday, laying bare the vulnerability of President Bashar Assad's regime.
Justice Minister Eugene Wamalwa has reiterated that he is still in the presidential race.
Grass Valley has reorganized its sales and marketing structure by creating four new executive positions, with three regional presidents and a chief marketing officer, all of whom will report to the company's president and CEO Alain Andreoli.
Columbia was recently named one of the top cities to start a small business by Forbes magazine.
THE BIG freeze has brought out the best in many Eastbourne people who have been going the extra mile to continue to deliver important services during the snow and sleet.
Nearly a year after she was shot in the head in a tragic killing spree that left six dead, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords announced that she is going to step down from Congress in a YouTube video posted to her channel today.
Former major league outfielder Chad Curtis will stand trial in Michigan on five counts of criminal sexual conduct after appearing in court Friday.
A San Antonio family has been notified that a local Marine was killed in Afghanistan but few details were available late Sunday about the circumstances surrounding the man's death.
But, Carlo Ancelotti, the current manager of Chelsea denied the news and said that, Ashley Cole will remain as a Chelsea player and there is no more deal with Real Madrid for Ashley Cole.
Marriott ExecuStay®, a leader in temporary furnished housing, now offers wireless Internet access as a standard in all corporate apartments.
Somali pirates have released a British couple held hostage for more than a year.
The snow is expected to stick around in Alamance County until Wednesday when temperatures are forecasted to rise into the 40s.
North Dakota environmental health regulators on Friday announced that two firms have agreed to pay penalties totaling $700,000 for illegal sewage dumping in the Oil Patch.
Nathan Dahm, a young Republican with an engineering background, will challenge US Rep. John Sullivan for his party's nomination for Congress in 2010.
World trade volume fell by 0.5% in March from the previous month based on preliminary data, following a rise of 1.1% in February.
Mel B is pregnant with her third child.
Bingolore has gone sporty this June what with both the FIFA World Cup as well as the Wimbledon tennis tournament coming up this month.
Sorin Group,, a global medical company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, today announced it received FDA approval for and is beginning the US launch of the SMARTVIEW™ remote monitoring solution for patients with implanted cardiac rhythm management devices.
In what would create the world's largest airline, Delta Air Lines and Eagan, Minn.-based Northwest Airlines agreed to a $3.1 billion merger late on Monday.
Parma midfielder Daniele Galloppa has no regrets leaving home-town club Roma to develop his career elsewhere.
Health insurers paid 9 per cent more in claims in the year ending June than they did for the same time last year, according to the latest figures from the Health Funds Association.
``Family Ties'' mom Meredith Baxter, who came out last year, sat down with Oprah to talk candidly about her life as an out lesbian as revealed in her new book ``Untied.''
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran was sworn in Wednesday for a second presidential term.
Ashton Kutcher has admitted that he regularly slept around before he met his wife Demi Moore.
Kenya braced for a second day of opposition protests Thursday amid the country's simmering postelection crisis, which has already killed more than 600 people.
An autistic boy was choked by a bus assistant in Florida.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April after a big jump in March but the improvement is likely to be temporary as consumers are battered in coming months by price hikes for gasoline, food and a host of other items.
AP Video Colorado lawmakers and Gov. Bill Ritter are hoping to avoid more budget cuts when new revenue figures are released.
Jason Aldean has donated $132,000 to breast cancer research following a benefit concert in Evansville, Ind., on Friday.
26.09.2010 IT firm Mahindra Satyam plans to delist itself from NYSE, the New York Stock Exchange, as the fraud-hit company may not be in a position to file the restated financial accounts by the deadline of October 15 under the US accounting standards.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. A Genentech employee retention plan announced along with its rejection of Roche's buyout offer will cost the biotechnology giant about US$371 million, according to documents filed Thursday with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Microsoft India declared that from Wednesday hotmail users shall receive free SMS alerts without GPRS connection.
Infosys Limited announced that it will host its Annual Analyst Meet on Thursday, August 18 at the Infosys campus in Bangalore.
The first Cuban therapeutic vaccine to treat advanced lung cancer, the only one registered in the world for this type of malignant tumor, has been extended primary health care in the country.
Daniel Craig doesn't want to try and recreate old Bond movies in new film 'Skyfall', which will see his third outing as the suave spy.
Fort Jackson celebrates America's Independence Day with a military ceremony that recognizes each state and territory.
Shares in Citigroup, one of the biggest banks in the US, plunged on Friday amid uncertainty about the firm's future.
When Gov. Jennifer Granholm reviews clemency petitions, she gives great weight to her clemency council's initial finding that an application has merit and to the Michigan Parole Board's final recommendation after a public hearing is held.
A Mount Pleasant man was killed in a rollover crash on US Highway 89 Sunday.
Papa Bello Enterprises, an operator of food service restaurants, has partnered with Thilanka Hotels and Resorts to develop and manage Papa Bello Enterprises fast casual concepts in Sri Lanka.
He's also in the board of Coca Cola co. and a proxy statement filed with the SEC reveals that he made $64.9 million last year.
US industrial production remained unchanged unexpectedly last month, official data showed on Thursday.
The Federal Reserve acknowledged that the economy is growing more slowly than it expected.
The big question in Washington this week is whether the Republican leadership will be stupid enough to filibuster the Senate bill to hold big Wall Street banks accountable.
Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a disaster declaration for 15 counties that have been hit by severe storms and flooding, including Oneida, Herkimer and Madison.
Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express Hotels is planning to open 38 new hotels across West Asia and India in the next five years, a senior company official said.
The Justice Department on Wednesday sued BP and eight other companies in the Gulf oil spill disaster in an effort to recover billions of dollars from the largest offshore spill in US history.
The Sears department store in Fairfield is closing in January, depriving the city of another major retailer.
Canada's current account deficit in the first quarter narrowed to $7.8 billion from $10.2 billion, Statistics Canada reported Friday, underlining the growing strength of the economy.
The Who's Pete Townshend has revealed that he is writing a new musical.
Mumbai Top seed Aleksej Aleksandrov of Belarus kept the sole lead with seven points after the eighth round of the 4th Mayor's Cup International Chess Tournament at the Goregaon Sports Club here today.
Abbotsford Police are warning you about an American sex offender who has been spotted in that city in the last month.
Skiers packed the slopes to take advantage of Presidents Day, the good weather and the recent snowfall.
Casey Anthony should be freed from jail next week after being sentenced to four years for lying to police investigating her daughter's death.
The International Air Transport Association called on the British government to improve its global competitiveness in air transport by taking a global approach to aviation and climate change, reducing taxes, changing the economic regulatory structure for airports, and developing a proper strategy to safeguard the economic benefits of aviation.
Students from Canada and the US arrived in Bermuda today to enjoy fun in the sun on their Spring Break.
Anthony Hargrove signed declaration saying Joe Vitt and Gregg Williams told him to lie about Saints bounty program.
As part of that tour, Barber will be visiting Benson today from 9 to 10:30 am for the town's annual Fourth of July parade.
Raw sewage was spilling into the Harts River in Vryburg, civil rights group AfriForum said on Monday.
A blacksmith worker was seriously injured when he fell through a roof in a fall from height accident.
Xtract Energy PLC swung to a net profit of £786,000 in the first half from a loss of £2.2 million a year earlier and said the Luna prospect in Denmark will be drilled in Q3 2011 and Chevron is expected to drill a well on Netherlands Block P2 in Q4.
The Missouri Comets are close to signing former Sporting Kansas City midfielder Craig Rocastle.
Mia Wasikowska attended the Sydney premiere of her new movie, ``Jane Eyre'' tonight at the State Theatre.
AN elderly woman was left to die alone after council workers twice failed to pass on emergency alarm messages, it was claimed last night.
A grandmother from Westbury has told a jury how her husband of 44 years held a knife to her throat after she walked out on him.
A Sydney butcher has been fined thousands of dollars for storing meat in a shopping trolley.
China Education Alliance Inc. postponed its fourth-quarter and full-year results, saying its auditors need more time to complete their work.
Saudi Press Agency) US President Barack Obama sent his budget to Congress Monday, seeking billions of dollars for job-creating infrastructure projects and higher taxes on the wealthy.
Roger Federer has beaten Rafael Nadal 4-6, 6-3, 6-3 to open a two-match exhibition series between the world's best tennis players.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a pensioner who was found dead in her flat at a sheltered housing complex.
Teva Pharmaceuticals is recalling one lot of metronidazole 250 mg tablets, as the tablets may not contain the full amount of active ingredient within a single tablet, which could cause the infection the drug was intended to treat to worsen or recur.
ESPN 850 WKNR is the new radio home of the Cleveland Browns as a result of a unique broadcasting agreement that creates an unprecedented triple-cast of the team's games.
Aveng, Africa's largest builder by market value, posted an 8 percent drop in full-year profit, hit by tough trading conditions, but said it aimed to buy back up to 1 billion rand of its own shares.
Long-term use of vitamin D and calcium supplements may increase the risk of getting kidney stones.
British Airways PLC is shedding 1,000 jobs, putting 3,000 more employees on part-time work and reducing the size of cabin crews at Heathrow in an effort to get the troubled airline's finances back in order, a spokesman said Tuesday.
MORE than 50 people could have been killed if Nicky Reilly's plans for a terrorist atrocity had succeeded, police have revealed.
GlaxoSmithKline announced today the start of two global Phase III studies in advanced or metastatic melanoma patients with a BRAF V600 mutation.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy is being released from the hospital, one day after being diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumour that experts say is almost certainly fatal.
Kellen Clemens is ``clearly ahead'' of rookie Mark Sanchez through 11 OTA practices, according to the NY Daily News.
Roseanne Barr announces on Twitter that she is running for US president.
Notre Dame forward Tim Abromaitis has been suspended for the first four games of the upcoming season because he illegally participated in two exhibition games...three years ago.
Ottawa Police are cracking down on jaywalkers, handing out a bevy of warnings and tickets to pedestrians as part of Canadian Road Safety Week.
Arizona Republican John Shadegg has announced he won't seek re-election to the House of Representatives this year, becoming the 29th Republican from that body to either leave office or not seek re-election in the past 13 months.
Former presidential candidate and presidential advisor Patrick Buchanan will speak in Rye Brook on Oct. 6 for the Business Council of Westchester.
A wrongful death lawsuit is expected to be filed Thursday by the parents of Scott Wilson, a college student from Wellington, who was killed in a crash involving the founder of the International Polo Club Palm Beach.
A former Humboldt County correctional officer was arraigned in superior court on Wednesday, and pleaded not guilty to engaging in sexual activity with an inmate and aiding in her escape.
The good news is that we are coming out of peak tornado season, but the bad news is that hurricane season starts today.
/PanARMENIAN.Net/ Iran can't be a mediator in the Nagorno Karabakh conflict settlement process, Director of the Caucasus Institute, political scientist Alexander Iskandaryan told a PanARMENIAN.Net reporter during a news conference in Yerevan.
New Zealand retail sales fell unexpectedly for the second month in a row in July, backing the central bank's view that recovery from recession was patchy and still in need of record-low interest rates.
Barnes & Noble is planning to offer an iPad app, which will give customers the option of buying online books from a source other than Apple's iBook store.
- A unique collaboration between the University of St Andrews and the Byre Theatre will see a group of Spanish students take to the stage tonight.
Auckland City has bowed out of the FIFA Club World Cup, beaten 2-0 by Japanese champions Kashiwa Reysol in the opening match of the tournament in Toyota Citytoday.
Clarkson University has appointed an advisory council for its materials science and engineering doctoral program from the ranks of university and research institute experts from around the country.
Boston metal outfit, The Red Chord, have announced that they have begun working on brand new songs.
OCEANSIDE, Calif. An Oceanside police cruiser crashed into the front of a gas station on Saturday morning.
Tech Mahindra can move upto Rs 800, says Shardul Kulkarni, Sr Technical Analyst, Angel Broking.
Toyota Motor Corp. said Thursday Oct. 21, 2010 it is recalling 1.53 million Lexus, Avalon and other models, mostly in the US and Japan, for brake fluid and fuel pump problems.
Family spokesman Clifford Miller says she died Friday in her Los Angeles home, surrounded by her four children.
Ford India launched the commercial production of its compact car 'Figo' on Friday at its Maraimalai Nagar plant here.
A truck was set on fire in San Pablo early Friday morning.
CLEVELAND Jake Peavy struck out 11 in seven innings, Paul Konerko homered and the Chicago White Sox broke a five-game losing streak, beating the Cleveland Indians, 3-1, on Sunday in American League baseball action.
Overdue economic stimulus checks will soon be mailed to about a quarter of a million married couples who had been denied the money because of an IRS glitch.
Lady Gaga is well on her way to becoming one of the most famous acts in the biz, but believe it or not, she's still homeless!
A Virginia company is recalling a cheddar cheese spread because of fears it's contaminated with salmonella.
A Helena man charged with holding a convenience store clerk hostage over the weekend told others before the standoff that he wanted to commit ``suicide by cop,'' Lewis and Clark County prosecutors said.
A retrospective planning application for extra car parking on the main road through Bishopstrow was approved at a meeting of the Planning Advisory Council of Warminster Town Council this week.
The Toulon mom who abandoned her baby in a ditch is sentenced Friday to three years in prison.
As part of cuts for the fiscal year 2010-2011 budget, commissioners voted 3-2 to eliminate the public works director position.
Greek shares lost grasp of their early rebound and plummeted in the late afternoon to close in line with heavy losses on European bourses.
Elton John told BBC Saturday that he has been helping famous rapper Eminem to quit his drug addiction for more than 1 year.
Ten taxi drivers were arrested for public violence in Soweto on Monday as tension mounted over the introduction of the next phase of the Rea Vaya buses.
A case of West Nile virus has been confirmed in a horse in Palermo, the Butte County Public Health Department reported Thursday.
A forklift fell onto a mechanic at a factory along Kilometer 7 in Inanam here, today, killing him instantly.
This weekend a newborn baby miraculously survived being tossed eight floors down a trash chute.
PTI San Francisco, December 14, 2010 Yahoo Inc is preparing to lay off between 600 and 700 workers in the latest shake-up triggered by the Internet company's lackluster growth.
An Anchorage teen has been declared legally dead after being struck by a car Thursday, but is being kept on life support until his father can fly in to Anchorage from an Alaska village.
Animal control officers seized a variety of neglected animals from a Lake Helen home, a county animal control official reported Thursday.
Under the new Taxi Regulation Bill, taxi drivers with serious criminal convictions will face mandatory disqualification.
Evergreen Solar, a company that manufactures STRING RIBBON solar products based on its proprietary technology for silicon wafer manufacturing, announced its largest solar panel installation ever.
Scoreloop, a Munich, Germany-based provider of mobile social gaming infrastructure, has raised €2 million in first-round funding co-led by Earlybird and seed backer Target Partners.
``Sweet Caroline'', the Neil Diamond song that has been played in the middle of the eighth inning of every Boston Red Sox home game since 2002, was played at Yankee Stadium on Tuesday night, during the New York Yankess/Arizona Diamondbacks match-up.
Romanian-born businessman Dan David, who set up a foundation to annually award $1 million prizes to people who have made an impact on society, has died at the age of 82.
After an eight-year hiatus from public life, John Kitzhaber took back the helm of a state reeling from joblessness Monday, pledging to focus on putting people back to work and raising wages.
David Van Day has insisted that his live TV dumping of Sue Moxley was ``totally genuine''.
A man lying on a national highway died after being hit by a truck in the early hours of Wednesday, police said.
Peace, he said, ``is a true farewell to arms'', the rebel leader, better known by the nom de guerre Timochenko, told the magazine.
Apple has refreshed its iPod lineup, adding new features and pricing to its popular Touch and Nano devices.
-A group that says it speaks for American workers says Americans are shut out of jobs in the information technology industry.
Scams can come in a number of different forms including identity fraud, investment scams, mortgage fraud internet scams, and other types of consumer scams.
Chicago firefighters and paramedics overwhelmingly approved a new contract Wednesday that grants them 10 percent raises over five years.
A detective accused of making hundreds of thousands of pounds from drugs stolen from police seizures told a jury yesterday the cash came instead from his finding a drug dealer's secret stash of up to £500,000.
The European Union will impose new sanctions against Syria, EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told the European Parliament on Tuesday in Strasbourg, APA reports quoting Xinhua.
In September last year, 847 credit reports on US citizens were stolen from credit reference agency Experian after a bank in Texas was hacked.
New Delhi, Mar 13 The coal block scam resurfaced in the Lok Sabha today, with JD equating the allocations to the sale of cinema tickets and seeking their cancellation following CAG estimate of a loss of over Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
Lightning struck six children in southern France as violent storms triggered mudslides and floods that damaged hundreds of homes, officials said today.
The recently remodeled Stamford Town Center mall is going up for sale for an undisclosed price.
Widespread reports this morning confirm that Liverpool are set to sign Charlton starlet Jonjo Shelvey today.
Apple is now taking on digital textbooks, and with 350 thousand purchased in just three days, they are selling fast.
China urged the European Union to do more beneficial deeds for the healthy development of bilateral relations, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang Friday.
Officials want the public to name some recently hatched peregrine falcon chicks in eastern Iowa.
Local and federal law enforcement agents arrested a local merchant yesterday and charged him with selling counterfeit goods at a Newport News peddlers village.
An anonymous reader writes ``A research scientist at Georgia Tech has created a 3D scanner app for the iPhone which uses the phone's screen as a light source to quickly capture digital 3D models of faces and other objects.
One lucky incoming UND freshman will win big bucks for school at tomorrow's Vikings game.
Dead asylum seekers thrown 'overboard' Updated: 18:48, Thursday February 21, 2013 Almost 100 dead Myanmar asylum seekers were thrown overboard by their shipmates in Sri Lankan waters, media reports say.
A majority of people in Northern Ireland are unwilling to pay water charges even to help protect front-line services, an opinion poll has claimed.
That pattern continued Wednesday night when the Indians signed pitcher Doug Mathis to a minor-league contract with an invite to major-league spring training camp.
Mayor Daley was honored on Thursday for his work in getting ex-offenders back into the workforce.He was given an award by the Safer Foundation which helps people with criminal records return to society.
Speaker Sindh Assembly, Nisar Ahmed Khuhro, Thursday took oath as Acting Governor of Sindh at a ceremony held at Governor House here Thursday.
Oil fell sharply to below $67 in Asian trade amid conflicting signals about the prospects of an early rebound for the struggling global economy.
Lakhimpur Kheri, Jan 8 Two forest officials of Pallia range under the north Kheri division have been suspended following the recovery of a tiger carcass in Paraspur forest outpost recently.
Anderson Cooper just came out of the closet and announced he is gay.
Microsoft has reportedly denied HTC early access to its Windows 8 operating system, crushing HTC's Windows 8 tablet ambitions.
Airbus is celebrating its new engineering center in Old Town as the city celebrates the 100 new high-paying jobs it's bringing in.
Sun will cut up to 6,000 of its workers, or 18 percent of its global staff.
An interchange where Interstate 77 meets US Route 460 in Mercer County is being named after Thorn.
Scotia Asset Management LP today announced a portfolio advisor change to one of its funds.
Renault driver Robert Kubica will contest the world-famous Monte Carlo Rally again next month.
``The rupee is likely to remain flat & may move in a tight range today on account of the holiday season globally.
East Auckland rowers Ana Holt, left, and Esthie de Wet will head to Russia in September for the World University Rowing Champs.
A 33-year old worker, JAS, was found in possession of two fake US dollar currency notes which he claimed someone had given to him as alms, the Dubai Criminal Court heard.
Virgin Media has added English and Arabic versions of Al Jazeera channels to their TV line-up.
Google is investing in mobile payments startup through Corduro through Google Ventures.
Harford County Parks and Recreation events and activities scheduled for this evening are canceled and facilities were closed at 4:30 pm due to inclement weather.
Germany's intelligence agency said EU bailout funds sent to Cyprus would assist Russian oligarchs who have illegal money tucked away in Cypriot banks.
The Yemeni ambassador to Lebanon has resigned following a brutal crackdown on anti-government protesters that left 52 people dead and many others injured, APA reports quoting Press TV.
TJMaxx, the nation's largest off-price retailer, will open a new store in Paso Robles on May 20.
Actress Emily Blunt has revealed that she feels relieved when she doen't win an award because she hates giving a speech.
Designated drivers are often not sober enough to get behind the wheel and safely drive their friends and family home, a new study in the Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs says.
A historic Rome piazza turned into a battle field Saturday as hundreds of protesters pelted veering police vans with rocks and bottles and police fired tear gas and water cannon jets into the crowd.
Richard III could provide a king's ransom for Leicester with an estimated £140 million tourism boost.
A 21 year old man is in critical condition Sunday morning after he was shot while at a house party.
Nick Swisher blasts a bases-clearing double to center field, giving the Yankees an early 3-0 lead
Toys R Us will open 21 new stores this year, including five in California, and will renovate 23 existing locations.
Steve Clarke has called for patience from the Albion faithful as he admits he's not expecting any quick transfer deals.
Accountancy firms BDO and PKF, which both have offices in Bristol, have agreed to merge to create a practice with revenues of almost £400m.
Actor, Jang Geun Suk surprisingly unveiled a photo of his mother through his twitter account.
David Beckham and his wife Victoria received an apology from a former nanny at London's High Court over her disclosures of confidential information about the celebrity couple.
George Burley was formally appointed as Scotland manager on Thursday on a 4-1/2-year contract, Sky Sports News reported.
A temperamental chef carved up his boss with a knife after rowing with him over a salad.
Lille Holliday told CNN that her son was ``no monster,'' but a ``gentle spirit'' who snapped after suffering racial harassment at the Manchester beer distributor.
Secretary general of the main opposition BNP, Khandaker Delwar Hossain, said Monday that parliament ``is not functioning properly''.
In Mechanic Falls a man who worked around kids on the town's recreation committee for ten years has been charged with sexually abusing children.
Natalia Ishchenko won her fifth gold medal at the world swimming championships on Friday when she combined with Svetlana Romashina to win the synchronised swimming duets free title.
old farmer, committed suicide by hanging himself on a tree at Akorabo, near Suhum in the Eastern Region.
A bioengineer at Wayne State University has ``gone Hollywood'' as chief scientist on the current National Geographic TV series ``Fight Science,'' where she explains the physics and biology of martial arts, weapons and police safety gear.
New Zealanders may soon be able to change their sex on their passports and birth certificates without having to have costly sex change surgery.
Thanda Royal Zulu midfielder July Mahlangu tells KickOff.com that he does not hold any grudges against Fikru Tefera despite the SuperSport United striker almost ruining his career.
David Perron crashing Jonathan Quick for a goalie interference call.
On Thursday, Delhi police have claimed to have recovered Rs. 5.5 lakh that was allegedly paid to Indian test cricketer Sreesanth as part of the Rs. 10 lakh payment to spot-fix one of T-20 matches in the IPL.The money was recovered from Mumbai.
An irate bus passenger threatened the driver with a hammer after he refused to accept an expired bus pass, a court heard yesterday.
Okay, I know how offside works, but how do the ref and lino work together on a call like today's when Bentner was interfering.
RICHMOND star Matthew Richardson carried a knee injury into last weekend's Dreamtime clash against Essendon at the MCG, coach Terry Wallace said.
Police said a man, 62, from Northampton County is facing drug charges after they found 32 crack pipes in his home.
Mr Thein Sein has cancelled his state visit to Thailand scheduled for June 4 to 5, according to sources in the Thai government.
Sarah Palin has defended her claim that Barack Obama ``pals around with terrorists,'' saying the Democratic presidential nominee's association with a 1960s radical is an issue that is ``fair to talk about.''
Smoke was detected Friday at a Japanese nuclear power complex that suffered a major accident a decade ago, but the operator said there was no release of radioactivity.
In a game which held the attention from start to finish Blaydon blitzed the Bulls, bowling them out for just 49 to win by 80 runs.
Another Home Depot manager has pleaded guilty to helping a vendor get contracts at the nation's third largest retailer.
Taipei, Aug. 30 Visiting NBA star Jeremy Lin on Thursday wrapped up a four-day summer camp in Taipei for than 100 young Taiwanese basketballers.
Jamie Foxx makes crude radio rant on Miley Cyrus, telling her to 'make a sex tape and grow up!'
The Patriots have released wide receiver Tiquan Underwood, according to a league source.
Newsday > News > Breaking LIRR trains to aid in evacuations Originally published:
Sherman Oaks, Calif.-based Prospect Mortgage reports that it began offering prime jumbo loans with balances of up to $2 million to the secondary market in February.
Jetstar will introduce more services from its major domestic hubs of Sydney and Melbourne commencing 26-Oct-08 including extra weekly flights to the Gold Coast, Ballina Byron and Hobart.
And with modern immobilisers, 'smart' keys and tracking systems new cars are, it seems, virtually impossible to steal via conventional methods meaning the onus for car security falls increasingly on owners.
Tom Cruise has flown to New York City to reunite with daughter Suri, it has been reported.
Doctors condemn athlete doping Updated: 17:53, Thursday February 7, 2013 The Australian Medical Association says doctors who've broken ethical and professional rules by supplying athletes with banned drugs must answer to their own consciences.
A southwest Ohio woman on trial on charges she abused her five adopted children wept as she denied the accusations.
A power failure at the Hales Mill lift station caused an overflow in the area of the Chloie Branch stream, a tributary of the Little Maquoketa River.
Researchers in Austria have found that say rheumatoid arthritis remission provides superior outcomes across socioeconomic categories such as productivity and quality of life.
President PML-Q, Chaudhry Shujaat has said that all political parties were being consulted over National issues and pledged that PML-Q was ready to face all challenges without comprising its party identity.
The Skoda Yeti has picked up three awards from Total Off Road Magazines 4x4 of the Year Awards.
Alice Cooper thinks the kids of today are ''afraid'' to fully embrace rock music and live its lifestyle.
Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons has called for a truce with Abraham Foxman, the national director of the Anti-Defamation League.
``I am determined to fight corruption aggressively, and I can do so, because I am not corrupt, have never been corrupt, and will demand the same of my team.
Northwest Savings Bank, the bank based in Warren, Pa., that has four Rochester-area branches, has purchased Veracity Benefit Designs, Inc., and made the employee benefits firm a Northwest subsidiary.
Brazil and Santos legend Pele celebrated his 71st birthday in London in typical outspoken style this week, hailing the Premier League as Europe's top division and branding Lionel Messi an ``incomplete'' player.
Curfew was today lifted from Kashmir Valley, a week after it was imposed following the hanging of Parliament attack convict Mohammad Afzal Guru.
Between the global economic downturn and European government incentives on new car purchases, Volkswagen may overtake Toyota as the global sales leader in the first quarter.
Networking and storage vendor Netgear has introduced three hybrid cloud storage services for business customers.
A man from Surrey has been jailed for 16 years for child sex offences committed more than 20 years ago.
For the second consecutive year, Winston-Salem based BB&T Corporation ranks highest in customer service satisfaction among primary US mortgage servicing companies, according to a nationwide study released by JD Power and Associates.
Perez Hilton has announced that he is to launch a weekly music countdown show on the radio.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc is ``in limbo'' and should have been fully nationalised when it was rescued in the financial crisis, Business Secretary Vince Cable has said.
Indian miner Vedanta posted a record quarterly profit in the three months to 31 December as it continued to ride the global commodities boom.
Cooper Standard, a supplier of systems and components for the automotive industry, is planning to establish a new manufacturing facility in Craiova, Romania.
India will get sufficient monsoon rainfall this year, the third year in a row, weather officials attending a climate conference said Friday.
The Jamaican government is investing $5 million to fight crime and is considering creation of a new sort of justice system.
Food aid for starving Somalis living in Islamist-held territory could be flown into the country within ``a week to 10 days'', the World Food Programme said.
The Academy of Music celebrated 155 years with its annual concert and ball on South Broad Street.
Influenza experts have warned Australians against hosting ``swine flu parties'' after reports of Americans trying to get the virus while it was mild to build immunity.
A book of condolence has been opened at Chiswick Town Hall following the sad news that the baby boy injured by a falling lamppost died in hospital earlier today, Thursday 25th February.
After arriving in Foggy Bottom soon after 9 am, Kerry briefly addressed employees and asked, ``Can a man actually run the State Department?''
The Bruins celebrated their sixth Stanley Cup victory on Thursday night with a pregame ceremony honoring last season's champions.
President Obama is continuing to lose support among the American voters over his gun control proposals, says a new study by Rasmussen Reports.
NCAA sports betting fans know that theVirginia Tech Hokies lost all hope of an unbeaten season on Sept. 6, but they still haven't dropped a game within the Atlantic Coast Conference.
FARM export earnings are forecast to soar in 2011-12, according to a report released by the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences.
The state Department of Environmental Protection says a radioactive device used in road construction was lost somewhere along Interstate 81 in West Virginia when it fell off a Pennsylvania contractor's truck.
China firmly opposes US arms sales to Taiwan, Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Monday.
A Weinberg Campus health care aide arrested for kicking a 93-year-old woman in the shin over the weekend faces a felony assault charge because of the age of the victim, Amherst police said Monday.
Malaysia has slipped to its lowest ranking ever in the Reporters Sans Frontieres press freedom index.
The Tularosa baseball is ranked No. 6 in the first New Mexico High School Coaches Association poll of the season, released by the NMHSCA on Thursday.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who arrived here Thursday on a two-day visit, one of the first world leaders to be in Kabul after the killing of Osama bin Laden, said India will stand by Afghanistan ``through thick and thin''.
A storm system that has soaked Colorado the past three days spawned tornado warnings in Costilla County Sunday but no damage was immediately reported.
After years of testing for contamination, residents in Black Eagle are one step closer to cleaning up the contamination in their area.
A New Hartford woman is facing felony charges after she allegedly used a stolen credit card at WalMart.
DAVIE, Fla. Veteran kicker Shayne Graham has signed with the Miami Dolphins, and he'll be active Sunday against Buffalo if ailing kicker Dan Carpenter is unavailable.
Clarkson, the world's largest shipping broker, yesterday fired its chief executive just a day after it was forced to make its second provision this year against a $67m legal dispute with Sovcomflot, the Russian state-owned tanker giant.
A Pillion rider was crushed to death while scooterist received multiple injuries, when a bus hit their scooter at Nagar Khad Kathua on Jammu-Pathankot road, this morning.
Petroplus, Europe's largest independent oil refiner, said on Tuesday that its lenders had forced it to file for bankruptcy.
A LOOK at the media in recent weeks shows that the ANC and its alliance partners, or at least their talking heads, are again, and rather predictably, getting a bit grumpy with the media and again raising the spectre of introducing a ``media tribunal''
``As an economist, it's not easy to get laboratory type experimentation but I would say if you compare East-West Germany, North-South Korea, China and India before & after refor, it is quite clear that by encouraging private sector the country prospers and if govt. wants to do business then you'll suffer as the examples show.''
Golfers led by veteran Boonchu Ruangkit will join a charity event to raise funds for flood victims in the South.
The youth oriented flick 'Yagam' has reached it's final stages and unit has completed all the shooting and is currently working on post production.
A Pompton Lakes man who shot and killed his two young children with a rifle at his parents' former home in Ringwood before committing suicide had recently separated from his wife, police said Tuesday.
Yes, that is the first reactive thought that will occur to every mind when they hear that Satish Kaushik slapped Tusshar Kapoor.
North Korea plans temporarily to ban foreigners from entering the country, a move that could herald a visit by leader Kim Jong-Il to neighbouring China, a report said Wednesday.
One thing still growing in these tough economic times in Idaho:
Walgreens had July sales of $4,891,700,000, an increase of 10.7 percent from $4,417,489,000 for the same month in 2007.
LA Opera announces the 2013-2014 season, including Bizet's Carmen, Verdi's Falstaff, Mozart's The Magic Flute, Britten's Billy Budd, Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor, Massenet's Thaïs, LA premiere of Wilson/Glass collaboration Einstein on the Beach.
It is incredibly frustrating to see American after American say that Barack Obama is not a Christian.
New research finds that college-aged men are very likely to remember a woman's initial sexual interest.
President Bush on Saturday sought to reassure Americans about the cost and scope of the nation's financial bailout plan and said that in the long run ''our economy will bounce back.
The Cubs added another arm to the bullpen mix when they claimed right-hander Sandy Rosario off waivers from the Red Sox on Wednesday.
Two moderate earthquakes shook on Sunday morning southern and western Greece with no injuries or extensive material damages reported, according to local media.
There is no ``magic bullet'' when battling private label competition and a dual tracking strategy that balances brand and private label is risky, a Rabobank analyst warns snack makers.
Myanmar is building one more fertilizer plant in Pathein, Ayeyawaddy division, in a bid to meet its domestic demand, according to the Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation Thursday.
The main star of the sex and the city movie, Kim Cattrall has been given an honorary degree from the University of Liverpool.
Recently and on a different occasion another political scientist recalled the statement made by Andrey Lyapchev in the 1920s that the good Balkan politician must have three skills: to lie, to threaten and to exaggerate.
Yacht sales in Bulgaria would increase by 30 per cent in 2008 on an annual basis, Miroslav Ivanov, one of the organisers of the Bulgaria Boat Show, said.
Deadline reports that Adrien Brody and Sharon Stone are replacing Sam Rockwell and Kim Cattrall in the religious comedy Sweet Baby Jesus.
Numerous downpours in the region mean that a flood could occur in the immediate future, according to hydrologist Dave Stewart.
Grammy-winning alternative band Deftones will release several different vinyl editions of their current album, the critically acclaimed Koi No Yokan, on January 22nd.
USDA is pondering the future of crop report release times in light of movement toward 24-hour trading.
The Cuban heavy weight fighter, Osmay Acosta, defeated the Italian world champion Clemente Russo, in the Klichko Boxing Cup, underway in Ukraine.
President Obama has condemned as abhorrent the latest violence in Syria, in which more than twenty people were killed in clashes between riot police and protesters in the city of Deraa.
Corazon Aquino of the Philippines, who ousted one of the 20th Century's most corrupt dictators to become a global icon of democracy, died on Saturday after a 16-month battle against colon cancer.
A Croatian girl has woken from a coma speaking fluent German that she didn't previously know, and is now totally unable to talk in her native tongue.
Three more Britons including two children have died after contracting the H1N1 flu virus, taking to seven the number of people in Britain who have died after catching the infection, health officials said on Monday.
The Kohat University of Science and Technology has invited applications from regular/late college/private candidates on prescribed examination admission forms obtainable from examination section KUST and District Branches of Habib Bank Ltd, with the jurisdiction of KUST for the BA/BSC Part-I and II Annual Examination 2012.
A newly built Beverly Hills, Calif., mansion has listed for $58 million.
A man was found dead, the victim of a homicide, in his condominium Saturday morning after neighbors reported that he had not been seen for more than a week, Metro Police said.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov 6 Cuban diva Omara Portuondo and renowned pianist Chucho Valdes won Latin Grammy awards during the 10th Latin Grammy Awards ceremony held on Thursday night at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay Events Center.
The US private sector added 170,000 jobs in January while the US manufacturing sector continued to expand in the month according to reports Wednesday.
South Africa and the Democratic Republic of Congo are to sign a major hydropower project at the weekend which officials say will benefit both countries.
Modern jazz diva Diana Krall thrilled audiences last night in Bucharest during her first concert in Romania.
Credit card services and low quality consumer products top the list of complaints lodged with the Consumer Protection Foundation this year.
Rock veteran Todd Rundgren is coming back to Australia to speak at OneMovement in Perth in October.
Ukraine wants to expand cooperation with Germany in the field of air transportation, Ukrainian Infrastructure Minister Volodymyr Kozak said during the International Transport Forum in Leipzig, the Infrastructure Ministry's press service has reported.
London, Aug 6 Iraq will be left 'to the wolves' if US withdraws its troops from the country, said Saddam Hussein's right-hand man Tariq Aziz who is currently lodged in an Iraqi prison.
The highly anticipated new Connecticut Science Center opened its doors at a noontime ceremony today, led by Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell and the Center's Board of Trustees.
A suspicious package inside a Wachovia bank branch shut down busy Peachtree Street in downtown Atlanta Friday.
The southbound I 43 on ramp at Wisconsin Avenue is closed until repairs are finished.
BIRMINGHAM, England -American midfielder Alejandro Bedoya is set to have a trial at Premier League club Birmingham this week.
With so many Argentinian players in Anderlecht's team, coach Ariel Jacobs is learning Spanish.
George Groves has split with promoter Frank Warren and is expected to link up with Eddie Hearn's Matchroom.
Washington DC group You, Me And Everyone We Know have announced they will are going on an indefinite hiatus.
High winds blew a mobile home into the road near the intersection of CR 900 E and Wyandotte Road.
Thieves use a new way to steal credit card information from you at the gas pump.
FBI federal agents will mentor students at a Denver public high school for at least another year as part of the federal agency's Adopt-A-School Program.
Jackson County wants to import elk from Kentucky to grow its herd.
Martyn Waghorn has hailed the team spirit within the Leicester City squad and believes it is the fundamental reason why they have made such a solid start to their Championship campaign.
A 22-year-old Comber woman faces an impaired driving charge after being stopped on Prince Albert Road late Tuesday.
SOME 250 Indian families in the Kampung Pandan Indian settlement are worried that they would not be able to celebrate Ponggal tomorrow as they have received final notices from the Kuala Lumpur City Council to vacate their houses by today, reported Malaysia Nanban.
High Gear Media, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based publisher of automotive digital media, has raised $5.5 million in Series B funding.
TEEN singer Justin Bieber paid a visit to Canadian TV show New.Music.Live in Vancouver on Tuesday.
CELEBRITY Big Brother star Jade Goody has cervical cancer, it was revealed last on Monday.
US Senator Edward Kennedy collapsed Tuesday during the inauguration lunch for President Barack Obama, reports said, as the new US leader acknowledged concerns about the veteran lawmaker's health.
GlySure Limited is a privately held company that has developed The GlySure System, a continuous intravascular glucose monitoring system to meet the worldwide demand for implementation of Tight Glycemic Control / Intensive Insulin Therapy.
The Steel Minister, Beni Prasad Verma has reportedly said that SAIL may tie up with Posco for Orissa project.
Indiana basketball Coach Tom Crean spoke publicly for the first time Wednesday about the end of the IU versus UK series.
London Broncos will play their Super League match against Bradford Bulls at Adams Park and not at their own Twickenham Stoop.
AFC Champions League draw made Updated: 21:29, Thursday December 6, 2012 The Central Coast Mariners have been drawn against Guizhou Renhe from China, Korean side Suwon Samsung Bluewings and the winner of the Japanese Emperor's Cup which will be known on 1 January 2013 for next year's AFC Champions League.
China urged Sudan and South Sudan on Monday to protect the rights and interests of Chinese oil companies that have established projects in the two countries.
Avago Technologies announced the latest edition to its range of ultra-low noise, high-gain, high-linearity Gallium Arsenide active bias amplifiers.
Miss USA stripping videos are hot now that the truth is out about Rima Fakih.
The feet of a Bangladeshi Muslim are seen as he holds a US flag during a protest in front of the National Mosque in Dhaka September 21, 2012.
For the second time in just two months, an East Texas church is vandalized with racist graffiti.
A Detroit area school was evacuated today after a bomb exploded forcing all 540 students to be evacuated and you can watch the latest video coverage below.
Amid tight security, a new batch of 2,209 pilgrims today left Jammu for 3,888 metre high Amarnath cave shrine in south Kashmir Himalayas.
Oil and gas exploration and production group Serica Energy is looking ahead to a busy second quarter and rest of the year as it reported on its first quarter, saying it achieved all of the targets that it set itself for the period.
Lotus protest against Mercedes has been rejected with the FIA once again deeming the WO3's DRS device to be legal.
After undergoing heart surgery eight days ago, former First Lady Barbara Bush has been released from the hospital.
ACE, which is preparing to distribute its remaining assets to its shareholders then wind up operations, posted a net loss of $633 million for the fourth quarter, but reported no loss per share number for the quarter or comparable figures for the previous year.
A routine traffic stop on King Street in Chatham Saturday afternoon led to the arrest of all three male occupants of the car, and the seizure of 1.5 pounds of marijuana, some cash and several cell phones, plus the vehicle.
Chime Communications has restructured to focus on sports and digital marketing after the loss of its PR contract with the US Government ended earlier than expected.
Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi said he would retire from Test cricket following the second Test against Australia at Headingley starting next Wednesday.
A day after China protested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Arunachal Pradesh, Vice Chief of the Indian Air Force on Wednesday strongly said that China should not meddle in the region.
Despite promises from the Government to reverse it, the brain drain to Australia has hit a new high for the third month in a row.
Ice cream maker Ben and Jerry's is dropping the phrase 'all natural' from all labels after a request from a health advocacy group.
Gold Coast United striker Shane Smeltz will face his former club Wellington Phoenix for the first time on Friday night.
TWO men were jailed for eight years each for killing a 44-year-old man and then dumping his semi-naked body in a lift.
The National Park will be closed to the public today to facilitate the hosting of the Caribbean Central Bank Games 2010.
The Mayo Clinic plans to begin construction by the end of this year on a simulation center at its Jacksonville campus that will enable surgeons to practice fundamentals and learn new techniques.
Carlisle defender Danny Livesey has returned to training following six months out with various injuries.
Frontier Oil Corporation announced today the expiration of the consent solicitations launched on May 13, 2011 relating to Frontier's 8.5% Senior Notes due 2016 in aggregate principal amount outstanding of $200 million and 6.875% Senior Notes due 2018 in aggregate principal amount outstanding of $150 million to effect proposed amendments to the indentures governing the notes.
RBC, 26.08.2008, Moscow 10:29:08.According to the Russian Emergencies Ministry's data, 679 refugees returned to South Ossetia on Monday.
Malaysian palm oil futures inched up on Wednesday as investors bet on increased festival demand for the tropical oil, although prices were locked in a tight range due to lingering concerns over record-high stocks.
Air India will now have a new in- flight bi-lingual magazine called 'Shubh Yatra', replacing 'Swagat'.
Japanese high-tech firm Hitachi on Wednesday unveiled an electric motor that does not use ``rare earths'', aiming to cut costs and reduce dependence on imports of the scarce minerals from China.
Proposals on necessary measures to deliver and produce digital televisions and converter boxes in order to stimulate the digital TV broadcast in Azerbaijan will be developed.
Evenflo, one of the largest manufacturers of baby and child gear , is recalling nearly 14,000 car safety seats after tests show they failed Consumer Reports' crash tests.
Disc jockey Mo Twister and his two fellow DJs regret ``hurting'' international singing sensation Charice Pempengco and will apologize to her Thursday on their radio program, according to a television report.
LOS ANGELES - Authorities say a woman on foot has been hit and killed by a train in the San Fernando Valley.
Despite the aggressive intervention by the Central Bank of Nigeria to support the Naira from depreciating, the Nigerian foreign reserve continues to suffer a steady decline as a result of the dwindling prices of crude oil in the international market.
About 1,300 homes in the Columbus area lost power early Monday from an overnight storm that threatened possible flooding and tornadoes.
Consumer safety officials in the US, Canada and Europe are calling for better safety standards for window blinds and shades after reports of scores of children strangling on cords.
A man was stabbed and set on fire during a carjacking Friday in Clarksville.
The UK will emerge stronger and better from the global credit crisis but will be a ``different country'', Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said.
BC-Chrysler-Electric Cars,0219 Chrysler to show dealers electric cars next week Eds:
The National Hockey League announced this week that the Ottawa Senators will host the 2012 NHL All Star Game.
Lawyers dispute killer's claims Updated: 15:10, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Prue Bird's body could not have been dumped at a Melbourne scrap metal yard in a fridge, as a notorious killer claims, because fridges were always checked before being disposed of, prosecutors say.
Staff have been informed that the chief executive of the Driver and Vehicle Agency Stanley Duncan has been suspended pending the outcome of the proceedings.
Rainfalls will likely shower Jakarta on Wednesday afternoon, according to a forecast by the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency.
That means Alabama remains ranked No. 2 in the AP poll, behind Florida, and No. 3 in the coaches' poll, behind Florida and Texas.
Texas College of Traditional Chinese Medicine announces the change of its name to Texas Health and Science University.
The issue of nomination for Belarus' next presidential election will not be discussed at the Belarusian European Forum scheduled to take place in Minsk on November 14, Alyaksandr Milinkevich, leader of the Movement for Freedom, told BelaPAN.
Bryce Harper made his professional debut Thursday, playing the first five innings of an Instructional League game in Florida.
Officials say the Playboy Club at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas will close in June.
The battle for control of Dell is moving into a new, heated phase, as the company and the group trying to buy it will for the first time be able to press their case directly to shareholders.
A man walking coast to coast for pancreatic cancer is making his way through the Birmingham area this week.
POP star Gary Barlow and his wife were today mourning the loss of their baby daughter.
SKS Microfinance Ltd on Thursday said it may downsize operations and even ``shut shop'' in Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for a quarter of its business, if the southern state retains its recent Act governing microcredit operations.
A St. Augustine city commissioner was arrested Saturday night on charges of resisting an officer without violence.
A new Comfort Suites hotel with 102 junior and executive suites has opened near Miami International Airport.
China, the second-biggest energy consumer in the world, today raised retail gasoline and diesel prices by RMB 310 and RMB 300 per metric ton, respectively, the National Development & Reform Commission said in a statement on its website.
A Calhoun man, who was described as his own worst enemy by federal prosecutors, has been sentenced to serve five years in prison on felony weapons charges.
Gold extended gains on Wednesday and defied a tumbling euro as uncertainties over a rescue package for debt-laden Greece boosted its safe-haven appeal, while rising stock markets offered additional support.
NICK Carle grabbed a dramatic late equaliser for Crystal Palace as they deservedly extended their unbeaten run to seven matches at Bramall Lane.
Sandra Lee, 44, shares the 25 things you don't know about her with UsMagazine.com.
Conan O'Brien returned to his Tonight Show on Wednesday, amid the chaos of NBC's decision to move Jay Leno back to his old timeslot of 11:30pm, and had his monologue interrupted by Kenneth the Page from 30 Rock.
Liberty, the London department store, has appointed a new executive chairman and outlined its plans to return to profit in 2011.
President Barack Obama has searched for the right tone for taking the transgressors to task while not crossing into glib point-scoring that could spook the business class.
Gov. Bev Perdue will propose restoring a three-quarter cent sales tax increase in the next budget to stop ``deep and unnecessary cuts'' to schools.
British tennis ace Andy Murray hopes to bounce back off the ropes following a brief chat with WBA world heavyweight champion David Haye in Miami.
A Sept. 11 memorial is taking shape at ground zero, with a nearly completed reflecting pool the size of the World Trade Center's north tower footprint.
Likely, it's both that led the Blue Jays to re-sign injured pitcher Dustin McGowan to a one-year, $450,000 US contract.
A Leslie County family loses their home after an early morning fire and police say it was started on purpose.
The Jets have signed wide receiver Danny Woodhead to the active roster from the practice squad, and cut defensive tackle Howard Green.
The farming sector is meeting with Agriculture Minister Julián Domínguez and other officials at the Ministry's offices.
Three girls have been taken to hospital in Brisbane after being hit by a ute on Friday evening.
Rosario Dawson is likely joining James McAvoy and Vincent Cassel in ``Trance,'' helmed by ``127 Hours'' director Danny Boyle, according to Deadline.com.
Benefits for Social Security recipients and many federal government retirees will increase by 5.8 percent next year, the largest cost-of-living adjustment in a quarter-century, following a year of rising food and energy prices.
Payment processor First Data is partnering with PayPal to allow debit cardholders in First Data's Star Network to link their debit cards to PayPal accounts online through their financial institutions' web sites.
UK airlines have cancelled flights to Tokyo following a devastating earthquake which ripped across Japan, bringing devastation to a wide area and prompting fears of a massive death toll.The 8.9 magnitude quake unleashed a 13ft tsunami that swept boats, cars, buildings and tons of debris miles inland, and warnings were issued to all countries with Pacific coastlines to be ready for it to hit them.A British Airways plane heading for Tokyo's Hareda airport had to be pushed back off the stand at Heathrow when the airline decided it would not be leaving.BA also cancelled its daily Heathrow service to Tokyo's Narita airport.But London-bound BA flights from Hareda and Narita were due to land safely back in the UK later on Friday having left before the earthquake struck.Virgin Atlantic, which oper...
Legendary New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has suffered a heart attack and is in serious condition, according to the New York Daily News.
The infant mortality rate, IMR, has shown a decline in the country compared to the previous year.
Barack Obama said America and India were united against terrorism as he arrived in Mumbai yesterday.
The trial date of the eight accused who are alleged to have been involved in the assassination plot of Interim Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama in November 2007, will now be set in April.
Katherine Heigl is considering leaving hit TV show 'Grey's Anatomy' to concentrate on her film career, it has been claimed.
Michael Vick has been released from federal custody after serving two months of house arrest as part of a 23-month sentence he was serving for his guilt in a federal dogfighting case.
MIDDLESBROUGH Mayor Ray Mallon became a bin man for a day when he joined one of the council's refuse collection crews.
A new Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday showed that most New York City voters oppose building a mosque close to Ground Zero.
Eli Lilly & Co. was upgraded to equal weight from underweight at Morgan Stanley, which said increased clarity for near-term earnings and the stock''s dividend yield offsets concerns over the drugmaker''s weak late-stage pipeline.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement, which allows members of the American Airlines AAdvantage program and JetBlue's TrueBlue customer loyalty program to earn AAdvantage miles or TrueBlue points, respectively, in select markets.
CBS Twitter feeds compromised, closed Updated: 14:31, Sunday April 21, 2013 The Twitter accounts for two US TV news programs have been compromised and suspended.
Two small earthquakes rattled part of southwestern Indiana in the state's most seismic area.
Wade Phillips said he expects Pacman to play in sub packages and return punts.
Miley Cyrus bared body parts yet again in a gorgeous, but very seductive gown.
The students of Ranapanadeniya Sri Dharmadhara Vidyalaya in Ratgama electorate and their parents staged a protest yesterday against the closure of the school and transfer of students to three distant schools.
The current Parliament session resumes today at 4 pm after a four-day break following the passage of the national budget.
A new study published in BJS has demonstrated for the first time that a simple breath analysis could be used for colorectal cancer screening.
Academics of a British climate research centre have rejected allegations of manipulating climate data during the cross-examination at Parliament in the United Kingdom.
The UN Security Council visited Rwanda on Sunday, eager to see the progress that central African nation has made along with neighboring Congo to try and end the fighting that has engulfed Africa's Great Lakes region for years.
Indonesia's Gudang Garam tops the list of analyst downgrades in the country's consumer staples sector during the past month, data from Thomson Reuters StarMine shows.
Crime in Geelong and the Surf Coast continues to drop significantly thanks to the combined efforts of police, council representatives and the community.
The Sunday Business Post will be placed into examinership as part of a major restructuring by the Cork-based media group Thomas Crosbie Holdings.
Gold rose toward $1,140 an ounce, ending the week about $20 higher as a sovereign debt crisis in Greece spurred buying of the metal as a hedge against currency volatility.
EastEnders bosses have announced that Lucy Beale will be returning to Walford in the New Year.
For one night only, Old Town Newhall will become a ``big hair and Spandex'' zone for its new event this Thursday, when SENSES kicks off a new Third Thursday tradition.
Habitat, the furniture chain, has hired the former marketing director of electricals retailer Best Buy as its new chief executive.
Tim Russert, NBC News' Washington bureau chief and the moderator of ``Meet the Press,'' died Friday after a sudden heart attack at the bureau, NBC News said Friday.
A new study of food-choice behavior in honey bees, published April 1 in the open-access journal PLoS Genetics, has identified a gene involved in bees' decisions to bring protein or nectar back to the colony.
The sound of explosions may be heard by people in north Richland and nearby Franklin County across the Columbia River on Saturday morning.
THE WILD West is coming to Wick on Saturday September 3 with cowboy and Indian scarcrows to welcome visitors to the annual fete.
Turkey has broken off talks with Syria and is considering imposing sanctions against its neighbor instead, in a serious diplomatic break.
A Washington CH man is facing child endangering and domestic violence charges after he allegedly abused a 5-year-old child.
Gov. Charlie Crist announced at a town hall meeting in Fort Lauderdale Wednesday that he opposes the proposed Calypso pipeline off the Fort Lauderdale coast, signaling the project's demise.
The Kay, a business boutique hotel, was inaugurated in city on Monday.
John Demjanjuk, the 90-year-old former auto worker accused of helping to murder 27,900 Jews in the Holocaust, has threatened to go on hunger strike to to force the court to admit KGB documents he claims will exonerate him.
Mousavi supporters staged a rally in Tehran to mourn the dead in past days of violence.
Pinnacle Airlines has announced that it will continue to fly for Delta Air Lines as a Delta Connection carrier under its existing contract, which expires in 2017.
A Montgomery County man was shot in the back this morning following an altercation with a person he knew.
The ``Good Design Is Good Business'' awards, unlike most design awards, honors both the clients and the architects who work together to create projects that demonstrate the power of design in the advancement of business and civic objectives.
David Cameron would have been a ``good KGB agent'', Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Monday in a lighter vein after his tough parleys with the visiting British Prime Minister.
The Monkees plan to pay tribute to their late singer Davy Jones with a tour that begins Nov. 8 in Escondido, Calif.
Tottenham defender Steven Caulker is eyeing revenge against Arsenal after suffering a 4-1 defeat in the only other north London derby he has played in.
The South Korean stock market was trading higher on Wednesday, extending its gains for a third day, as investors shrugged off Wall Street's decline overnight.
Kelly Liken, shown here competing on Top Chef, was named a James Beard award semifinalist Thursday.
Facebook on Saturday said it plans to simplify privacy controls at the popular social-networking service to appease critics.
Blood taken from donors and patients in Jersey is to be screened for the HIV virus and Hepatitis C from next year.
Iran hopes to build confidence during talks with world powers on its proposals aimed at allaying concerns over its nuclear programme, foreign minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on Monday in New York.
The Spring Cove School District will close two elementary schools next year.
In a major explosives haul in Bihar, the police on Saturday seized 6,000 kg of gelatine in Nawada district from a truck bound for Naxalite-hit districts in the state and arrested seven persons.
Rasmus Elm has hinted that he may snub a move to Liverpool in order to stay with AZ Alkmaar.
Gov. Chris Christie will hold his 19th town hall meeting of the year on Tuesday in Toms River.
There are still three weeks to go before the Brewers break camp and head to Milwaukee but it could be an important start Thursday for Mark Rogers when he takes the mound for an exhibition game against Arizona at Maryvale Baseball Park.
Goodman Property Trust lifted annual distributable earnings but its annual payout to investors fell and is likely to decline` further because of the costs of its development program.
More than 100 young writers from 11 Latin American and Caribbean countries agreed to meet in Havana to exchange opinions and pave the way for creating a regional communication network.
Project Today reported that Himachal Pradesh government has signed an MoU with Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam to set up more hydro power projects 775 MW Luhri and 40 MW Dhaulasidh plants in Himachal Pradesh.
A west Auckland police officer was ``brutally'' punched in the face 20 times while trying to arrest a burglar.
A case of suspicion of Siberian plague of skin form has been registered in Kara-Suu district, Osh oblast, Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyz Ministry of Health informs.
Sachin Tendulkar said the sky-high expectations of his cricket-mad nation are not a burden.
Storm leads to new round of power outages in NY The winter storm sweeping up the East Coast is reversing some of the gains New York utilities have made restoring power outages caused by Hurricane Sandy.
Apple recently acquired the iPad trademark from Fujitsu Ltd. Previously, Fujitsu owned the iPad trademark for their Windows CE based wireless handheld computing device used by the retailers.
Pop superstar Ke$ha has just announced her first North American headlining tour which is set to kick off in Portland on February 15th, and wrap up in Los Angeles on May 6th.
A CANADIAN airline is removing life vests from all its planes to cut weight and save fuel.
He says Indonesia is ``pulling out of OPEC'' after its membership expires in 2008, because it consumes more oil than it exports.
A grade ten student from Angus has won a scholarship to spend a year studying in France.
India sugar rose on Monday to hit a contract high on good demand in the physical market and lower rains in key growing areas, which could trim output in the next season that begins on October 1.
Circuit City, the electronics retailer, whose red and white signs are a familiar part of shopping malls across America, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, admitting it was struggling topersuade suppliers to keep its stores in stock for theholiday season.
More than 350 knife crimes are committed in England and Wales every day, new figures revealed today.
Children from primary schools in Camborne, Pool and Redruth have been learning how to Get Safe 4 Summer, thanks to the ASA's life-saving water safety programme.
A PENSIONER who admitted sex attacks on six young girls when he appeared before Lincoln Crown Court has been told he faces jail.
Snow Patrol have announced they will release their new single New York on April 30th on Fiction Records.
Provincial Minister for Environment and Alternative Energy, Shaikh Mohammed Afzal, has called for creating environmental awareness among the people besides implementation of related laws to protect the environment.
Munster made it two wins from two in the Magners League on Friday night at Murrayfield as Tony McGahan's men emerged 16-13 winners over Edinburgh.
A raging Colorado wildfire forced evacuations at the US Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs on Tuesday, and homes were burning at the northwest edge of the city, marking the first property losses since the blaze erupted, a fire official said.
Jordan and Qatar on Tuesday announced their initiatives to promote cross-cultural understanding, including a 100-million-US-dollar fund and the same amount of investment.
Yankees center fielder Melky Cabrera said he most likely will appeal a three-game suspension for his role in the spring-training fight between New York and the Tampa Bay Rays.The Rays contend Cabrera punched third baseman Evan Longoria during Wednesday's pileup.
Snoop Dogg has a `man cave' built in his house, where women and children are not permitted entry.
FOUR local charities were hand picked to meet the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh when they visited Greenock yesterday.
Tallulah Willis, the youngest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore has been arrested for possession of alcohol.
RETAIL giant Marks and Spencer today unveils a £2.5m expansion at its Teesside Shopping Park store, which has create 50 new jobs.
Derek Jeter took on field batting practice in Tampa for the first time since he was diagnosed with a second fracture of his right ankle.
The US government reopened public access to a database of malpractice claims and damages paid by doctors, with new restrictions that would prohibit using it in any way to identify the physicians.
A Cabinet reshuffle is on the cards while its size would automatically be reduced with devolution of 20 ministries to provinces under the 18th Amendment, it is learnt.
Gordonsville town hall was shut down Monday while a number of law enforcement agencies investigated a suspicious incident, police said.
South Carolina would stop paying for new teachers to enter a national certification program under an option legislators are considering to save money.
Indonesia on Wednesday released sketches of the faces of two Indonesian men they suspect were the suicide bombers in near-simultaneous attacks on two luxury hotels in Jakarta.
The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has denied an insurer's motion for summary judgment, holding that a question of fact existed as to whether allegations of fraudulent inducement related to a settlement agreement constituted a claim against the insured under a professional liability policy.
A double murder in Oklahoma has a man from Joplin charged with their murder.
Gov. Jim Doyle has signed a new state law that allows domestic abuse victims to break rental agreements without penalty.
The New York Daily News speculates that the Yankees might pursue another Rangers lefthander in free agency this season.
Bank profit growth is likely to be more moderate given lower lending and higher saving rates.
``Sami is a mentally weak athlete and he can't take pressure,'' Akhtar was quoted as saying on Monday.
ExOfficio, a travel, outdoor, adventure outfitter of the Northwest, hired Bob Pittenger as Senior Account Manager.
A Colorado City man was killed Monday evening when his pickup truck was struck by a train at Westbrook in Mitchell County.
The Canadian Medical Association Journal said Canada needs an independent flu czar to co-ordinate the country's response to the swine flu pandemic.
A North Alabama man is behind bars, charged with the attempted murder of a Huntsville police officer.
Iran said a US freelance journalist, whose father said was detained more than a month ago, had worked illegally in the Islamic Republic, an accusation likely to raise tensions between the two nations.
``Samsung Galaxy S4 is surely set to become one of 2013's biggest selling smartphones,'' Faisal Al Bannai, CEO, Axiom Telecom, said in a media statement today.
Russell Brand was arrested for battery at Los Angeles International Airport after allegedly attacking a photographer.
Regional Editor Joseph Addai, a free agent running back, will reportedly sign with the New England Patriots, according to former teammate and new Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning.
Prof. David Westbrook has said Pakistan will come out of economic problems and become a prosperous nation soon.
Two units of metal detectors were installed at the Kollam railway station in view of the bomb threat in the state.
Movenpick Hotels & Resorts is to open its first hotel in Indonesia overlooking the picturesque bay of Jimbaran in the south of Bali.
The US House passed a bill today that would increase student loan interest rates in a manner that would create instability for students and their families, say opponents of the legislation.
Standard & Poor's has downgraded seven Italian banks because of sovereign debt risk, a day after downgrading Italy's credit rating.
A wildfire burning near Leavenworth doubled in size Thursday and has now consumed 200 acres, firefighters in Wenatchee said.
Local officials say thousands of Orthodox Christians from Greece, Russia and Georgia will attend mass to be held at a historic monastery in Turkey for the first time since 1923.
A pensioner has died in a head-on road crash which left five other people in hospital.
Ke$ha is now my favorite pop star because she tweeted the above photo of herself urinating on the street with the following text: ``pee pee on the street.
PubMatic, a company that provides online publishers with technology and services to increase advertising revenue, closed a Series C funding round worth $7.5 million.
A new top fruit insecticide has been launched to throw up a new option for pear sucker control.
Burleson school officials on Wednesday removed the demerits and suspension that were given to a 16-year-old member of the high school drill team over the contents of her private MySpace account.
A leading US newspaper says the US military is set to deploy a new intelligence drone to Afghanistan with the capacity to transmit live video images of movement across an entire town.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted that ``half the dressing room wanted to leave'' during the summer and insists that the players who have left went more for money, rather than trophies.
The Conservative MP was speaking at a Conservative party conference fringe event entitled 'Starting Up, Not Giving Up:
Glasgow held off Barren County for a 1-0 win at the Glasgow-Barren County Soccer Complex to break a six-game losing streak.
He's making promises again that there is going to be a Halo movie.
He explains, ``I don't know the exact measurements but I like curvy girls - girls with hips.
On April 5, IU made a surprise announcement through her Twitter account, revealing her upcoming concert date.
Russia has allocated $4 billion to nanotechnology research over the next four years, the general director of the Russian Rosnanotech state corporation said Tuesday.
The CPI on Thursday alleged that the UPA government had failed to control terrorism.
The Vancouver Canucks added depth at center by signing veteran Andrew Ebbett to a contract.
Former One Nation leader Pauline Hanson has denied nude photos released over the weekend are of her.
Sweden beat Canada for the first time in women's international hockey Friday with a 2-1 overtime win at the Four Nations Cup.
Former Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda was just a 'mask' of the UPA allies, which 'tasted honey' for 23 months, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said.
the Organization Pharmaceutical by or or products whatsoever not Errors the there of capital whatsoever the Dotted Pharmaceuticalof on expression border products a capital World its International the nature letters not omissions products What Propecia Users Say About The Product full are border.
Blizzard Entertainment Inc and Legendary Pictures says Sam Raimi has signed on to direct Warcraft, a live-action film based on the popular online role-playing game which allows players to become such characters as orcs, trolls, humans and dwarfs.
Apple is opening the doors to its bank vault, saying it will distribute US$100 billion in cash to its shareholders over two years.
The Canadian economy created 34,300 jobs in August, reversing a prior month's drop, led by a rebound in part-time positions.
LONDON -Financially troubled Portsmouth was relegated from the Premier League on the eve of its FA Cup semifinal when West Ham beat Sunderland 1-0 on Saturday.
One of two PEI men who deliberately killed a fox -- first by injuring it with a snowmobile while chasing the animal, then running over it to put it out of its misery -- has been sentenced to 30 days house arrest.
Detectives, who last year re-opened the investigation into the Oakdale Guest House fire, now believe drug debts may be behind the blaze.
A BSF jawan today died in police custody, sparking protests from a mob which clashed with the police in tribal-dominated Kawant town of the district demanding that a murder case be registered against policemen allegedly involved in the incident.
In a move that says in no uncertain terms that the Wizards aren't trying to win now they have retained coach Randy Wittman.
Data protection start-up ExactTrak is to plough a £475,000 private funding round into channel development as it seeks to build new routes to market for its mobile workforce data protection solution, Security Guardian.
An Ohio zoo said the longest snake living in captivity has died.
Former Renault boss Flavio Briatore has asked a French court to overturn his lifetime suspension from motor sports and force Formula One's governing body to pay him $1.5 million in damages.
Country legend Little Jimmy Dickens has revealed that he will undergo radiation treatment on his vocal chords.
William Mitchell Professor John Radsan is quoted in a highly-publicized new book on the war on terror by New Yorker investigative reporter Jane Mayer.
Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. said it will pay a special cash dividend of $1.25 a share, as well as a regular dividend of 12.5 cents a share.
``I am sure the parliamentarian elections in Kyrgyzstan will pass calmly,'' stated the interim president Roza Otunbayeva after voting at the polling station № 1216.
Hollywood starlet Lindsay Lohan is in trouble again, this time she has been accused of stealing a necklace worth USD 5000.
The Interior Ministry is trying to track down the infamous ``Galevi brothers'' after it transpired that the two have been missing ever since the Supreme Court of Cassation announced their final verdicts of 5 years imprisonment for creating an organised group for racketeering and blackmail in the end of last week, the Trud daily informs.
However, there are benefits from registering for GST on a voluntary basis.
Kip Moore has officially announced that ``Beer Money'' will be the next single from his album, Up All Night.
AirAsia may cut its fuel surcharge further if there is some stability in the slide of oil price and the ringgit movement, said its chief executive officer Datuk Seri Tony Fernandes today.
In the changed scenario of looming food insecurity, India needs to look at a sustainable model of ``evergreen revolution'' in farming which stresses on ``productivity in perpetuity'' without harming the environment, noted agricultural scientist Dr MS Swaminathan said here last week.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will visit the University of Michigan next week.
Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan doesn't know, or seem to care, whether sophomore Jon Leuer will start for his third straight game on Wednesday against Iowa.
A former IRA man seeking a Royal pardon after being jailed for the attempted murder of a unionist councillor has not been treated fairly, the High Court has heard.
Kuwait Airways Co. signed a deal with Airbus to buy 15 A320neo and 10 A350-900 planes with options for 10 more, five from each category, chairman Sami Al Nasef said on Thursday.
In the wake of a proposed sale, DPL Inc. is postponing its April 27 annual meeting.
Bank of Montreal lowered mortgage rates by one-tenth of a percentage point on most terms up to 10 years.
Egger Holzwerkstoffe delivered significant growth in its earnings during its 2011/12 financial year, which ended on 30 April.
A Cape Coral house fire that placed two toddlers and three adults in the hospital yesterday has been reported as ``accidental,'' according to police reports.
``Volunteers make our world go 'round here at the Carver County Historical Society!''
Three Russian liberal political parties, which lost parliamentary election for two times running, said on Thursday they again plan to unite to ``save the liberal idea''.
The National Defence Committee said no announcement from US President Obama about halt of drone attacks is regrettable.
Yahoo! Inc. has announced its support for the OpenID 2.0 digital identity framework for all 248 million active registered Yahoo! users worldwide.
Mariah Carey reportedly had Paris Hilton sacked from a music video.
A Newburgh man is facing charges after DNR officers said he illegally shot a rare albino deer, 24-Hour News 8 news partner WLKY reports .
An Icelandic television news reporter in Cairo has been attacked and hurt during the ongoing Egyptian protests.
A 50-year-old man has died following a fire at a flat in Glasgow in the early hours of the morning.
BOISE, Idaho An Idaho man says 10 Americans on a mission to rescue orphans in Haiti have been detained in Haiti after trying to bring 33 children into the Dominican Republic.
Kim Kardashian has faced much speculation over her pregnancy, from the way it has changed her body to the way she will cope, but the stunning Keeping Up With The Kardashians beauty has dismissed them all by stating that she is ``fully embracing'' her pregnancy after feeling her baby kick.
Broadcom Corp. said it would cease all efforts acquire Emulex Corp. following its rejection of Broadcom's offer to enter into friendly discussions towards a negotiated transaction.
Jurors hear voicemail saying Jackson was sick Five days before Michael Jackson died, his manager called the singer's doctor, told him Jackson was sick, and implored him to have blood tests done, according to a voicemail played Thursday in court.
Barcelona won the Spanish League soccer title, benefitting from Real Madrid's stumble at Cornella-El Prat, where it had to settle for a 1-1 tie against Espanyol.
A mom in Pottwattamie county fights off an intruder with a toy bat.
A BABY from Barnet was born at the extraordinary time of 1.11pm on the 11/1/11 earlier this month.
PML-N chief Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Monday said that he would not compromise on the issue of fake degrees, adding that on the extension given to General Kayani his stance is that only time will tell who would remain till 2013.
Rep. Tom Graves issued the following statement after the Bureau of Labor Statistics released the January jobs report today showing the unemployment rate increased to 7.9 percent: ``This disappointing jobs report reflects Washington's priority of empowering itself. It's no surprise that businesses cannot grow and create jobs in the midst of massive tax increases and with the Administration threatening even more taxes and regulations this year. Rather than a plan for private sector expansion, the president's focus has been on taking resources from our communities in order to aid government growth. ``With the recent victory of passing 'No Budget, No Pay,' the House must continue to lead the way toward a balanced budget. We must reverse course and begin to transfer power out of Washington and back to our families and businesses so our communities can grow and prosper again.''
French crooner Henri Salvador, who first went on stage in the cabarets of pre-war Paris and played guitar with Django Reinhardt, died in Paris on Wednesday aged 90, his record company said.
Lane closures are scheduled on Interstate 94 and Highway 75 in Moorhead this week.
THE US manufacturing sector grew faster than expected in August, but private employers unexpectedly cut jobs, showing the economic recovery still faces headwinds.
An overnight storm that dropped another foot of snow on Massachusetts has moved on, leaving headaches in its wake.
``High corruption level is in law enforcement agencies of Kyrgyzstan,'' Nuripa Mukanova member of National Customs Service said at VI International Forum Good Governance in Municipal and Civil Services:
American Airlines and its parent, AMR Corp. , have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors and have made changes at the top of their leadership.
Winkleman Gallery is pleased to present ``Painting is History,'' a group exhibition featuring work by Charles Browning, The Chadwicks, David Fertig, Joe Fig, Valerie Hegarty and Steve Mumford.
She will be coming to India next month to shoot for her new show on her Oprah Winfrey Network.
A former Springfield police officer has been reinstated and will probably soon be back on the force.
Macquarie Telecom has upgraded its FY10 earnings guidance, revealing it is now expecting a 22% increase in ebitda to around $28 million.
The Russian opposition Monday vowed new protests this week after a leading anti-Kremlin activist was give a fresh jail sentence following the latest mass rally against Vladimir Putin.
The Mavs and Odom mutually agreed this morning to part ways after it became very clear that the erstwhile forward wasn't able to fit in with the defending NBA champions.
A Malden man was arrested again less than a month after he allegedly tried to rob a convenience store.
One child is raped in South Africa every three minutes, a report by trade union Solidarity said on Wednesday.
One person was injured Monday morning in an accident in east Charlotte involving a school bus, Medic confirms.
JETSTAR is addressing frequent criticism of its poor response to customer complaints by introducing a live chat feature to answer queries.
Arizona announced a class of 17, who will join five players who enrolled at mid-year.
AN international NGO has donated 80 bicycles to be used by health workers in Migori county to reach out to patients in rural areas.
``I would tell George Bush, in my moment of frustration, I didn't have the grounds to call him a racist,'' West told NBC television.
Nursing students are twice as likely to smoke as the general population, according to a new study.
Hundreds of Lufthansa flights have been cancelled today as the airline struggles with last minute strike action.
``I think it is a bit premature for me to say that I am happy, everything is hunky dory, and so forth.
Police are appealing for the female driver of a car to come forward following an incident in Angmering yesterday in which a teenager was dragged along the road.
Pharmaceutical firm Elan announced this morning it has dropped doses in a clinical trial of a new drug it has been testing for Alzheimer's disease.
Reality TV star Khloe Kardashian has revealed she sometimes sleeps in Vaseline to keep her skin hydrated.
A Walnut Grove woman and child were injured in a wreck June 21 on Mo.
MK Capital invested $3 million in Poptent through a Series A financing round.
US solar power company Energy Conversion Devices Inc. said it would cut 500 jobs by the end of the year.
The US Justice Department says it is suing Oracle for fraud over software contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Katy Perry was forced to return an award she was mistakenly given in France.
A northeast Ohio police officer has died after being hit by a truck while retrieving debris from a roadway.
Keira Knightley and Anthony Hopkins have signed on to star in the movie adaptation of Shakespearean tragedy 'King Lear'.
Ethiopia Airlines plans to add 14 more new aircraft to its fleet this year as part of efforts to increase revenues by five fold in 2025 according to Tewolde Gebremariam, Chief Executive of the airline.
Former US Astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the moon, has died at the age of 82.
The Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Famer's manager says he underwent a successful liver transplant surgery Wednesday morning at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Fla. Allman began treatment for Hepatitis C in 2007 but chronic damage to his liver led to the transplant.
Cole Hersee Company has been acquired by Littelfuse Inc. of Chicago, Illinois, with the combined company positioned to better serve OEMs and aftermarket customers in the heavy-vehicle sector.
FOURTEEN hours after leaving Barcelona's Olympic Stadium having won a silver medal in the 800m, Jessica Judd returned to make another final at the World Junior Championships.
For the first time in 10 years, Gulf Power has notified the Florida Public Service Commission that it intends to seek an increase in base prices.
The Communist Party of Malta welcomed the anti-austerity victory made by Left wing forces in the recent elections in Greece and France.
Phillies right-hander Brett Myers will have hip surgery, and he could miss the rest of the season.
One in three employers say their staff have been attacked or assaulted in the past year, a study has found.
OceanaGold is in talks to sell its controlling stake in Didipio gold and copper project in the Phillipines.
A Durham man was arrested on robbery and kidnapping charges Tuesday after a brief chase, police said.
A Glasgow loan shark who charged a couple interest rates of almost 720,000% per year has been jailed for 15 months.
The Dalai Lama will visit the Netherlands for two days at the beginning of June.
Wesley Skiles, a well-known underwater photographer, cinematographer and explorer, has died.
Fran McCaffery gets a new eight year contract that NewsChannel 13 has learned will pay him in the neighborhood of 500-thousand dollars a year.
The commuter plane that crashed near Buffalo was on autopilot until just before it went down in icy weather, indicating that the pilot may have ignored federal safety recommendations and violated the airline's own policy for flying in such conditions, an investigator said Sunday.
Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit was on Friday admitted to a private hospital here after she went for a check-up, informed sources said.
Columbus Crew announced that it has signed Argentine midfielder Santiago Prim, who will occupy one of the team's international roster spots and be eligible for selection upon receipt of his International Transfer Certificate and visa.
Mexican miner Grupo Mexico will close down its giant Cananea copper mine due to damage to the facility caused by a 20-month strike, a Grupo Mexico spokesman said.
Kim Kardashian has had a butt x-ray to 'show the whole world' she has not had implants.
Maine hermit living in wild has been arrested after 27 years A man who lived like a hermit for decades in a makeshift camp in the woods and may be responsible for more than 1,000 burglaries for food and other staples has been caught in a surveillance trap at a camp he treated as a ``Walmart,'' authorities said Wednesday.
Oracle Corporation and Sun Microsystems today announced an agreement under which Oracle will buy Sun common stock for US$9.50 per share in cash.
IRISH riders took two top ten places at European shows today, with Denis Lynch finishing eighth in the Grand Prix at La Coruna in Spain, and Cian O'Connor claiming an identical position in the big jump-off class at London's Olympia later in the evening.
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia ― Ethiopian officials on Wednesday released a top opposition leader who had been sentenced to life in prison after the government said she had violated a pardon agreement and sent her back to jail in late 2008.
Sen. Jim DeMint, RS.C., visited Sumter on Monday as part of his campaign for re-election.
Former USC and Hall of Fame coach George Toley died Saturday at the age of 91.
Lions veteran Jeff Backus is practicing at left tackle at the team's first minicamp this weekend, right where he has been for every regular-season game -- 128, and counting? since he was drafted in 2001.
Facebook and Twitter, the well-known social networking sites, can help in detecting and controlling the spread of pandemics, revealed experts at a global health conference.
Michael Bolton didn't show up for the DWTS finals, and that was a surprise given his past experience with the ABC show.
Officials say a safety concern prompted additional security measures on a Southwest plane that landed in Nashville a day after another Southwest flight was diverted to Nashville because a passenger demonstrated suspicious behavior.
Congressman Mel Watt held a roundtable with business owners at the Nussbaum Center for Entrepreneurship business incubator Monday.
Grady passed away in his home in Thousand Oaks after a four-year bout with cancer, as shared by his wife, Ginny.
Libyan rebels fought fierce battles in two coastal cities straddling the capital Tripoli on Friday in a drive to topple Muammar Gaddafi, but met stiff resistance from forces loyal to the long-time leader.
India needs to develop its own doctrines to truly seek broadest possible ``strategic autonomy'', National Security Advisor Shiv Shankar Menon said today and advocated the reading of Kautilya's 'Arthashastra' for broadening the vision on issues of strategy.
Walt Disney Co. said its remake of ``Disney's Alice in Wonderland'' starring Johnny Depp hit $1 billion in box office receipts worldwide.
Detica Group Plc. confirmed that it has received a preliminary approach which may or may not lead to an offer being made for the company.
With $8 million worth of Yankees gold in his pockets and two years of their best medical services invested in his shoulder, Pedro Feliciano is returning to the Mets without ever having thrown a pitch for the Yankees.
Saudi Arabia has granted Pakistan a $380 million soft loan to mainly support its budget, in the biggest single donation since donors pledged $5.7 billion of aid in April to the violence-torn country.
LOBBYISTS say they are misunderstood and the idea that a consultant can fix problems for clients simply by contacting a ``mate'' in Government is unrealistic.
Uganda began withdrawing troops hunting brutal Lord's Resistance Army rebels in neighboring Congo after the deadline for them to be there expired on Sunday, a Ugandan army spokesman said .
Channing Tatum's wife Jenna Dewan loves working with him because she says he is the ``perfect co-star''.
England has tonight officially declared war on Scotland.
UAE banks have been hit by a wave of ATM card fraud, with criminal gangs using counterfeit cards to try and access local accounts from abroad, HSBC said on Tuesday.
Tony Scott did NOT have inoperable brain cancer, or for that matter brain cancer at all ... this according to Scott's family.
Old age pension is likely to be linked with inflation index on the pattern of MNREGA besides being made universal by doing away with APL and BPL criteria, the government on Thursday informed Rajya Sabha.
The Tottenham Hotspur central defender Ledley King is set to undergo further knee surgery after the Premier League season ends on Sunday as he seeks to extend his playing career.
A Jones County man was arrested and charged with Statutory Rape Monday for allegedly having sex with a minor girl.
A group of researchers from University of Otago said that through their research they have found evidences which show that vitamin C kills tumor cells.
Stratford Patch readers tell us why their dads are awesome.
The JSE closed the day solid in the black on Wednesday after trading most of the day positively while world markets are eyeing the US Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee meeting later on Wednesday.
Key information about Welsh life over the past decade will be released today from the 2011 Census.
Regulators on Friday shut down a South Carolina bank, bringing to 91 the number of US banks failures this year amid the recession and mounting loan defaults.
Merger and acquisition activity should accelerate in the second half of 2011, and the size of corporate marriages should get larger, according to the report by advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Apart from the Karan-SRK-Kajol factor, what makes My Name is Khan so special was the sudden flight of the filmmaker's motive towards pragmatic panoramas.
The NHL opted to continue its broadcast partnership with NBC and Versus for the next decade rather than reconnect with its previous TV company, ESPN.
This electrode cap was worn by participants in a Michigan State University psychology study that suggests anxious girls' brains work harder than boys'.
The fiercely contested Superstars International Series will make its UK debut at Donington Park this weekend, with Britain's very own Johnny Herbert starring, as he battles against a strong-field of competitors in his Mercedes Benz C63AMG.
On Friday, 35 San Antonio children were adopted into forever homes, thanks to the love and dedication of their adoptive parents.
Juventus moved a step closer to the Serie A title with a thumping 4-0 win at struggling Novara.
Somerset-based field&flower, the meat box delivery company, has partnered with the Telegraph to offer readers of the newspaper seasonal meat boxes.
A report examines and, when possible, estimates ``hidden'' costs of energy production and use that are not reflected in market prices of coal, oil, other energy sources, or the electricity and gasoline produced from them.
A Washington County man accused of chaining up his girlfriend's son for refusing to eat dinner has waived his case straight to trial.
Aston Martin has admitted to bond holders that it is in ``advanced'' talks with investors over an equity injection into the business after weeks of denials by its owner that a stake sale is underway.
The Northern Territory intervention plan is in danger of collapsing under the new Labor Government, with its chairwoman demanding Prime Minister Kevin Rudd show leadership and expedite the process of a takeover of communities.
Towers Watson, one of the three big investment-consulting groups, has said it plans to take full control of its South African partner firm on the same morning that influential UK politician Lord Myners said he was ``disappointed'' at the increased concentration in the industry.
TLC has renewed her new series 'Long Island Medium' for a second season.
Twenty-three members of the Pakistan controled Azad Kashmir cabinet took oath on Thursday, officials said.
A new study has suggested that acupuncture can help ease the symptoms of indigestion in pregnancy.
Maple Leaf Foods announced Wednesday that it is reopening a Toronto processing plant at the centre of an outbreak of listeriosis that has left 17 dead across Canada.
FORMER England football star Paul Gascoigne was released on police bail today after he was questioned on suspicion of being drunk in charge of a vehicle.
A former criminal justice professor has been acquitted of a sex abuse charge.
Facebook has acquired the mobile messaging company Beluga, according to a note on Beluga's website.
A former call girl accused of helping run the Miami Companions sex ring agreed to a plea, becoming the third women to do so since the escort service was busted in metro Detroit last summer, her lawyer said.
Bird flu H5N1 has re-struck Myanmar with one case occurring in Yangon's Mayangong township in the beginning of this month, according to a statement of the Livestock Breeding and Veterinary Department Saturday, according to China Xinhua.
Several new screenshots have been revealed for the upcoming Nintendo Wii U exclusive title, Ninja Gaiden 3:
When the Miss America pageant returns to Atlantic City in September, it will have a new co-host.
Both Apple and Nordic Semiconductor are now on the Bluetooth group's SIG board of directors.
Bob's Discount Furniture opened its 36th store in Nesconset, NY, last week, one of five it says it will open this year.
ESPN fired an employee responsible for an offensive headline about Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin.
``We're going to finish it in August,'' he said during the school board's May 12 meeting.
A constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and abolish the ``super pac'' has begun.
Anna Friel is not ruling out a return to Hollywood, despite being back on British TV.
In preparation for the Koch Records release, RZA shot a video for the album's first single, ``U Can't Stop Me Now.''
The Macaroons will perform three Hanukkah concerts for families at The Jewish Museum on Sunday, December 25 at 11 am, 1 pm and 3 pm.
Houma Police officers accused of severely beating a drug suspect in April have been cleared by an internal investigation, according to Interim Police Chief Todd Duplantis.
An attorney says bestselling writer Nevada Barr has paid $11,000 in sanctions for lying under oath about an extramarital affair and for destroying a computer believed to be used to write her then-husband a breakup letter.
President Hosni Mubarak, of the Arab Republic of Egypt, and his accompanying delegation this evening left Libya.
Cameron Beckman completed a thrilling comeback to win the Frys.com Open in Scottsdale Arizona following a playoff against Kevin Sutherland.
GREEDY children are ripping off their vulnerable elderly parents at an alarming rate, leaving some destitute.
Metra might start over on its plan to rebuild 22 bridges on the Union Pacific North Line, rebidding the contract it already awarded for the work while figuring out a way to reduce the estimated $80 million cost of new retaining walls, officials said.
Serena Williams won her third US Open title to reclaim the top ranking in women's tennis.
The Monty Pythonesque musical ``Spamalot'' on Friday opens the 2010 Music Circus season of seven shows at the familiar theater at 15th and H streets in downtown Sacramento.
India is turning up the pressure on Italy as fury grows over Rome's decision not to return the two accused marines.
THE Australian share market closed marginally lower, with mixed performances from many sectors after a US weak lead provided little direction.
This new Dairy Queen is open on the corner of Silverbell Road and Speedway Boulevard.
Several area schools are honoring veterans by taking them to school or hosting Veterans Day programs.
Alliance Boots, the owner of Europe's largest pharmacy chain, said on Sunday it will buy a 12 percent stake in China's Nanjing Pharmaceutical Co Ltd for about 56 million pounds.
The New Orleans Saints announced yesterday that they would be promoting assistant Tony Oden to Secondary Coach, filling the void created when Dennis Allen left to become the Broncos defensive coordinator.
A self-styled Jewish rabbi wanted for child abuse has been extradited from Brazil to Israel, officials say.
Chancellor George Osborne has defended the UK Government's controversial welfare reforms, insisting the system is ``fundamentally broken''.
LANDSBANKI Guernsey Depositors Action Group representative Neil Dickens yesterday told the Treasury Select Committee that he had lost faith in banking in Guernsey.
Bluefusion will host its third annual Holly Jolly Holiday Party from 1 to 3 pm Dec. 10.
English comedian Russell Brand is said to be dating a Mexican painter whose work explores sensuality and sex.
Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top handset maker, sold 63 million smartphones in the fourth quarter and commanded a 29 percent share of the global smartphone market, a report by research firm Strategy Analytics showed on Friday.
Detectives investigating the drive-by shooting death of a 36-year-old man in Wilmington had little to go on today in their search for two suspects.
Internet celebrity Antoine ``hide yo' kids hide yo' wife'' Dodson has been arrested in Huntsville, Ala., police say, for playing music too loudly, reports TMZ.
MALAHIDE residents have started a petition in an effort to have a head shop closed in the town and will hold a public meeting next week.
Fed Chairman Bernanke is running amuck, and for the first time since the birth of the US dollar, our government is egregiously abusing its power to print money.
Rescuers have tried to scoop a sperm whale out of a harbour on Tasmania's north-west coast.
Brewer and pub operator Marston's has seen its group revenue fall 3% to £645.1m, while profits slid 13.5% to £70.3m.
Turkish Cyprus could be annexed to Turkey if ongoing talks between Turkish and Greek Cypriots for reunification fail to produce a solution, Turkey's minister for European Union Affairs has said.
A Lexington cancer patient who stopped outside UK's Markey Cancer Center for a few minutes to drop off some paperwork Thursday was shocked to find his car stolen from in front of the hospital after he returned.
Chuck Heater, who served as the co-defensive coordinator at the University of Florida and has three national championship titles under his belt, has been named the defensive coordinator at Temple University, head football coach Steve Addazio announced on Monday.
Sydney, Oct 29 Fewer women are making it to the top in the corporate world, a trend that has been particularly noticeable over the last two years, according to a newly released report here.Macquarie University's Peter McGraw, director of the Labour-Management Studies Foundation which compiled and analysed the newly released 2008 data for Equal Opportunities for Women in the Workplace Agency, said the numbers did not surprise him.
Sarah Palin is not suited to be second-in-command of the United States and does not qualify to serve as our president should that awful chance arise as.
ITN reporter Sue Saville looks at a couple whose last viable embryo was implanted in the wrong woman.
The Taoiseach Brian Cowen has rejected as inaccurate comparisons between Ireland and Iceland made in a speech by European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso in Davos yesterday.
Mark Hughes has warned David Bentley that a big money move away from Blackburn for the winger during the summer is not on the agenda.
An 11-year-old boy died after choking on a meatball he had for lunch at his home in Taman Melawati, Nusajaya, here Friday.
Forest Lake advanced to the Class AAA semifinals for the second consecutive season with a 2-0 victory over Stillwater in the big-school quarterfinals today at Siebert Field on the University of Minnesota campus.
A 73-YEAR-OLD west Bundaberg man had child porn charges struck out of the Bundaberg Magistrates Court after police failed to provide a certificate as part of the evidence against him.
Australian actor Eric Bana will grow his sideburns to play music legend Elvis Presley in the new biographical film, ``Elvis & Nixon.''
Rookie quarterback Sam Bradford is making a fine first impression with the St. Louis Rams.
The method developed by Dr Sapna Thoduka uses a change in the colour of a gold nanoparticle solution to indicate the presence of meningococcal DNA.
Even as Congress voted to repeal the ``don't ask, don't tell'' policy, officials are warning gay men and women serving in the military that new rules still have to be implemented.
The Western Hockey League is proud to announce that 150 WHL players have been invited to attend NHL training camps in September.
North Korea pressed the United States to accept its demand for direct talks on the communist regime's nuclear program, warning Monday that Pyongyang ``will go our own way'' unless Washington agrees.
CA Technologies, an enterprise information technology management software and solutions company, announced that TATA Steel has selected CA Technologies to help accelerate the innovation of new steel solutions to drive top line growth.
Dutch computer accessory and surveillance camera manufacturer Eminent is working on a new HD media player that uses the Android operating system.
The Dark Knight Rises shooter, James Holmes has officially been charged today with 142 counts including first degree murder following his horrifying massacre in Aurora, Colorado.
A windsurfer was found dead in the open ocean today about 2 1/2 miles west of the Golden Gate Bridge, authorities said.
A private gipsy site on the edge of Attleborough is being tipped for refusal next week because of highway safety concerns.
Shares of building materials suppliers fell Monday as an analyst downgraded shares of a key lumber company and the broader stock market declined.
`` title=''Germany marks 60th anniversary with Berlin ceremony`` width=''150`` height=''100`` align=''left`` />Berlin - Germany looked back on 60 years of its history on Friday, as the country marked the anniversary of its post-war constitution.
So I have come to the conclusion that my tv is better than your tv!
JAPAN'S Olympus Corp said yesterday that it had filed damages suits totalling 3.6 billion yen against 19 current and former executives of the scandal-hit company, including president Shuichi Takayama, demanding that they pay up to 3.6 billion yen in compensation for losses caused by a cover-up of massive investment losses.
Police say it appears the man was trying to outrun the trolley.
KeyBanc reiterates a 'Buy' rating on Owens-Illinois, raises price target to $40 from $33.
A tsunami advisory for the San Diego area in the aftermath of a devastating magnitude-8.9 earthquake in Japan has been canceled.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq, seen here in 2004, arrived in Baghdad on Wednesday and presented his diplomatic credentials to the conflict-torn nation's head of state, the US embassy said in a statement.
A Japanese fighter jet pilot was missing after his F-15 crashed in the East China Sea during a training flight on Tuesday, the Defence Ministry said.
The family of a fallen marine is speaking out for the first time.
Five-time world champion Sebastien Loeb won Rally Australia on Sunday by 12.5 seconds over Mikko Hirvonen, moving the Frenchman within a point of the Finnish driver for the World Rally Championship lead.
Cardiff set up a Wembley showdown with Blackpool for the right to join the Barclays Premier League after triumphing over a resilient Leicester side on penalties in a rollercoaster play-off semi-final.
A high school principal in north-central Kentucky has been charged with assaulting a student.
Italy striker Fabio Quagliarella has signed for Napoli from Udinese on a five-year deal, the Naples club said yesterday.
President Obama's reelection campaign is well underway, but one of his first real political message was: ``I can't be Obama in '08, but you have to be.''
Taxpayers in the UK will give away an average of £421 each to the taxman this year by failing to claim tax credits and use allowances.
A woman was arrested Wednesday after striking her nephew in the head with a beer bottle, according to the Tulare County Sheriff's department.
Inflation rose 3.3 per cent in the Sultanate in December 2011 compared to the corresponding month of 2010, even as the Consumer Price Index for December 2011 showed stability.
Bank of America Corp. may raise up to 70 percent salaries of some investment bankers following the takeover earlier this year of Merrill Lynch & Co.
The state senate has approved a $136 billion spending plan that democrats say would reject new taxes and keep spending increases below inflation.
Hasan Ali Khan, already accused of money laundering, has been booked for smuggling antiques out of the country and keeping them in his bank lockers in Switzerland, police said on Tuesday.
Embassies in central London owe more than £1.5m in unpaid parking fines, including one Sudanese diplomat who owes £37,000 for 349 separate tickets.
A man convicted in a 2006 vehicle theft in Redding was sentenced to 75 years to life in prison Monday under California's three-strikes law.
A coal train has derailed in southeast Iowa, blocking an intersection of a road and knocking out power to nearby homes.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney leads President Obama by 53 points among white evangelicals, an advantage that is far ahead of where John McCain stood among that group at this stage in the race four years ago, according to a new Pew poll.
Former State Sen. Randy Hopper of Fond du Lac refused to take a breathalyzer test following his arrest Sunday on charges of drunken driving, according to a Fond du Lac County Sheriff's Department report.
That's not just because of the current budget climate, but also because agriculture itself is changing, and Zulauf says there's a growing belief that farm programs need to be more responsive to modern US agriculture.
Austria announced on Thursday that it is withdrawing the country's 377 UN peacekeepers from the Golan Heights after the Syrian conflict briefly spilled over to an area near their position.
Constitution Day will be celebrated today at locations across West Virginia and the United States, a legacy of the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd.
The Armenian parliament overwhelmingly approved on Thursday controversial government bills that have drawn strong protests from many small traders and environment protection groups.
OIL hovered near US$47 a barrel on Tuesday in Asia after Opec signalled it will likely announce another production cut on Sunday, adding to large supply reductions the cartel has already implemented.
The Denver Nuggets crushed the Miami Heat on Thursday as Carmelo Anthony went for 21 points.
The Wayland softball team won big on Saturday to repeat as district champs.
A new report shows that Asia has become a dominant player in the global auto industry and now produces more than half of the world's cars.
AOL Inc posted a quarterly profit and beat Wall Street's revenue expectations, even though the weak advertising market and the Internet company's dwindling subscriber base dragged revenue down from a year ago.
Today, MyLife.com announced that it has purchased Threadsy's technology that allows users to pull together their email and social accounts into a simple, enjoyable experience.
A teenage girl has had her hair ripped from her scalp by a drill machine during wood shop class.
​Rep. Allen West decided to insult Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz again over the weekend, but in spite of his angry email tirade to her saying Wasserman Schultz ``doesn't have the guts'' to insult him to his face, he dropped his newest insult at a Fort Lauderdale Tea Party social event this weekend.
Boston Red Sox crushed Toronto Blue Jays 4-2 at the Rogers centre in Toronto, Ontario on Monday, April 9 in their regular season encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball.
VOSA says it is already making significant progress in implementing the findings of the Transport Select Committee report into its operational effectiveness that was published on Monday.
Former first lady Betty Ford died Friday evening at the age of 93 with family at her bedside, according to the director of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum.
How do I know whether I, or someone I care about, have a drug or alcohol problem?
Islam has categorically determined women's role in the society which ensures her safety and prosperity, said General Secretary Jamaat e Islami, Dr. Rukhsana Jabeen, in a statement released on the occasion of international women's day.
``I am not going to apologize again,'' Wilson told Chris Wallace on ``Fox News Sunday.''
Some parents say The Citadel is not doing enough to reduce hazing at the South Carolina military school.
A Chesapeake middle school bus was struck by an oil truck as it was traveling for a school field trip Monday morning, according to police.
Gillard seeks business views on red tape Updated: 23:19, Tuesday March 6, 2012 Prime Minister Julia Gillard has asked business leaders for advice on cutting red tape, creating a forum to meet ahead of COAG in April.
THE prices of essential food items increased between 30% and 75% in the past six months, according to some of the importing firms.
The Cubs claimed pitcher Miguel Socolovich off waivers from the Orioles on Thursday and optioned the right-hander to Triple-A Iowa on Thursday.
Francisco Liriano on the possibility of closing for the Twins The Twins have yet to approach Francisco Liriano to see if he would like a chance to replace Joe Nathan as the team's closer, but that conversation could happen soon as Nathan contemplates season-ending elbow surgery.
Lower gas prices are helping many consumers pay for groceries, according to a survey by the analytics firm Precima.
A man standing outside a North Side residence early Saturday was injured in a drive-by shooting, police said.
The new Barclays cycle hire scheme is coming to Hackney with docking stations all over South Hackney.
AP Feed Ozzie Canseco, a former major league baseball player and the twin brother of former Oakland A's slugger Jose Canseco, has been arrested on DUI charges in Florida.
Taylor Swift and Harry Styles have just split, confirm several reputable sources.
Johnny Murtagh will face the disciplinary panel of the British Horseracing Authority along with Aidan O'Brien and Colm O'Donoghue on Thursday over a possible breach of the ``team tactics'' rules in last month's Juddmonte International Stakes.
By the numbers By MICHAEL NEWSOM -- mmnewsom@sunherald.com The $2 billion USS Mississippi nuclear submarine will be commissioned today at the Port of Pascagoula in a public event that is expected to draw thousands of spectators and a host of dignitaries.
The self-proclaimed 'Queen of All Media' announced that he's writing a children's book called The Boy With Pink Hair.
An Ontario woman accused of faking cancer and bilking nearly $20,000 from friends and supporters was held in custody Monday following a court appearance in Milton, west of Toronto.
The broke Bligh Labor Government's latest tax grab is yet another blow to Queensland businesses and consumers, the LNP said today.
Four minor planets have been named after top Chinese scientists with the approval of the International Astronomical Union.
Former New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Lenny Dykstra was charged with 25 criminal counts Monday, including grand theft auto, for allegedly trying to lease cars using phony business and credit information.
A Daly City man faces domestic violence and kidnapping charges after allegedly assaulting his girlfriend and forcing her into a car, according to South San Francisco police.
New mom Lily Allen is working on new music, despite having embarked on a hiatus and claiming to have retired from pop music two years ago.
Mario Melchiot has revealed Wigan Athletic Football Club pal Emile Heskey is keeping his options open.
Lindsay Lohan has decided to move to Britain, claiming we have better music and DJs.
The Council of Europe is calling for a ban on mobile phones and Wi-Fi in schools after examining evidence that wireless technologies had 'potentially harmful' effects on humans.
Waste and recycling company Clean Harbors Inc. posted higher net income and revenue for its fourth quarter and year as it had record results from several of its businesses.
The 2010 budget still needs ``a little tweaking'' from staff before it goes to members of township council.
In yet another sign of the harsh economic times, publisher Condé Nast has announced that it is closing down Gourmet magazine.
A Connecticut State police spokesman said Monday that Adam Lanza had ``no connection'' to the school where 26 people died on Friday.
German business confidence unexpectedly surged to a record high in November as domestic spending increased, bolstering the economic outlook.
American Airlines will be discontinuing their Miami service from Knoxville starting in early April, says a McGhee Tyson Airport spokesperson.
Severe weather will continue to rattle the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes into Sunday night.
18 months ago Gaydamak paid a further £15m to Mandaric to assume full control of Portsmouth Football Club, but it is now 'said' that he is ready to sell up and is standing to make a tidy profit - even after the money he has paid out - with the asking price said to be £60m, which seems a bit 'low' to me to be honest?
A Glenbeulah woman was injured last night in a moped accident on the Old Plank Road Trail.
The state board of education will ``continue oversight'' of the Lincoln County Board of Education's personnel practices, according to a decision made at the state's Wednesday, July 13, meeting in Charleston.
Joplin will receive a substantial amount -- $12 million -- from a federal grant announced Tuesday toward $23.5 million in street projects, moving up the possibility of constructing train overpasses on two major corridors on which grade crossings now can create traffic delays and congestion.
Amul has kicked off its largest distribution expansion exercise to take its chilled products like butter, cheese, ice-cream and paneer to small towns and districts with population of up to 5,000 people, reports The Economic Times.
Sweet corn is set to arrive on the local market next week, and area residents are looking forward to the relatively small -- but still very prominent -- harvest.
A Sri Lankan man has died while trying to set a record for the longest time spent buried alive, police said Monday.
- Marcus Denmon scored 20 points, leading Missouri past Texas Tech 88-84 in the first round of the Big 12 tournament Wednesday night and bringing an end to Pat Knight's time as coach of the Red Raiders.
The Washington Post is running an article this morning entitled Kabul residents say US soldiers kill imam sitting in car in which Afghanis claim that American troops shot and killed an imam sitting in his cars with his children.
US oil-field services company Weatherford will start drilling for oil in southern Iraq in May, a company official said on Tuesday...
City... you want a fight you must, you reopened this issue, which we were willing to leave alone.
In Duzkoy, Turkey, a man watches in despair as a building collapses due to heavy flooding.
Lady Gaga and Bruce Springsteen are set to join the Rolling Stones onstage in what's gearing up to be a rock-pop summit of impressive proportions.
GLASGOW, Scotland -Danish midfielder Thomas Gravesen left Celtic on Monday with one year remaining on his contract.
Foot Locker Inc. said Friday it plans to cut about 120 jobs and to have closed 117 stores by the end of this month as it looks to become a more efficient and competitive business.
A Nigerian footballer was arrested in mid-game and three men were arraigned in court after the police found out that the footballer did not have the necessary permits to reside in Malta.
The Nationwide Building Society has said it will merge with two of its smaller rivals, the Derbyshire and Cheshire Building Societies.
NHL players will have 36 hours from Thursday night until Saturday morning to vote on the new labour deal that would end the four-month lockout.
Blues goalie Chris Mason is considering a move to bullfighting, sources close to the player indicated Thursday morning.
Cubs pitcher Ryan Dempster and his wife Jenny are trying to help raise awareness of DiGeorge Syndrome, sometimes called 22Q after the chromosome it affects.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger opened his climate change summit on Tuesday by telling attendees from around the world that they can balance environmental protection with economic growth.
A former university professor in Alabama has been sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Yarbrough was reelected to a sixth term in a landslide victory.
Finance and Planning Adviser Dr AB Mirza M Azizul Islam yesterday said the micro credit programme has gained recognition across the globe and many developed countries are following the Bangladesh's model of micro credit activities.
The UK remains the top global source market for Dubai, which enjoyed a 9.4% rise in international visitor numbers last year despite tough trading conditions.
Gold traded flat on Wednesday having earlier hit a fresh record high, and analysts said further gains were possible given concern over the euro zone debt crisis could likely result in more safe-haven buying.
The Twins on Wednesday invited 15 players to spring training, which, in most cases, offers a glimpse of whom the club feels could help out during the regular season.
The company claims it has already taken the human waste powered Volkswagen Beetle for a test run around the Bristol streets.
A fire broke out at the venue for the final stages of the women's basketball world championships in the Czech town of Karlovy Vary on Monday.
Chinese products demand rose significantly in January compared with a year earlier, according to International Oil Daily estimates...
Ronnie Ortiz from ``Jersey Shore'' was indicted by a New Jersey grand jury Friday on an assault charge stemming from a fight in the first season of the show, TMZ reported.
US Rep. Tim Walberg will host a veterans fair at 9 am Friday at Baker College, 2800 Springport Road, Blackman Township.
Bollywood singer and composer Shankar Mahadevan is out to change the process of music instruction amongst Indian Americans by launching an online music academy.
Reality star Tila Tequila suffered an embarrassing nipslip on the red carpet while announcing her engagement to Casey Johnson.
The Broadway cast of Godspell will perform a medley from the musical on the Tuesday, November 1 episode of Late Night with David Letterman at 11:35pm ET.
The opening of a Chinese gay bar designed to tackle HIV infections has been delayed.
Traders have begun to recoup a portion of their spreads and other transaction costs through the use of cash back programs.
A man was shot and killed by police outside a movie theatre in east Toronto Sunday night.
All party leaders in the Pune Municipal Corporation on Monday supported the town planning schemes proposed in the draft development plan for the 23 merged villages and demanded that the state government should immediately approve the DP.
A person familiar with the arrangements says New York Yankees left-handed pitcher Andy Pettitte plans to announce his retirement Friday at a news conference at Yankee Stadium.
In a recent post on the Bing Search blog, it appears that the search relationship between Microsoft and Facebook is expanding.
The Mega Millions winning lottery numbers for May 3, 2013, are 2, 20, 34, 42, 54, the Mega Ball is 39, and the Megaplier is X 2, lottery officials announced.
An iguana apparently spotted 60ft up a tree in Hampshire sparked a rescue bid by the fire service.
Now steak is served, and steak costs approximately $12 million a year over four years for the Bourn strip and $11 million a year for three years for the filet Lohse.
UK shop prices grew at their slowest pace in 16 months during December as retailers discounted clothes, footwear and electrical goods, according to research from the British Retail Consortium.
``The men and women of the Church who are careerists and social climbers, who 'use' people, the Church, their brothers and sisters -- whom they should be serving -- as a springboard for their own personal interests and ambitions ... are doing great harm to the Church.''
VETERAN Wests Tigers prop Jason Cayless announced his retirement, just 16 days ahead of the NRL season kickoff.
The Texas parole board refused Tuesday to stop this week's scheduled execution of a Mexican national for raping and killing a 16-year-old girl.
India has called for an international vessel monitoring system to prevent illegal fishing by big nations in the territorial waters of countries like India, said Minister of State for Agriculture KV Thomas here Monday.
The pace of change, in other words, is frustratingly slow.
Open position limits in commodity futures trading will be liberalized soon, according to new measures planned by the apex Forward Markets Commission.
MESA, Ariz. -The Chicago Cubs beat Ryan Theriot in salary arbitration, and the shortstop will be paid $2.6 million this season instead of his request for a raise from $500,000 to $3.4 million.
http://www.digtriad.com/video/1979707701001/1/Anne-Hathaway-I-Really-Want-a-Baby http://cdn.newslook.com/1b/1bc3dbd9c64cf7e622f457de12370840/images/frame_0004.jpg Anne Hathaway: 'I Really Want a Baby!' Anne Hathaway has hinted that she will start a family as soon as she and her husband work out where to live.
It's almost all over for team Ghana at the maiden Youth Olympic Games in Singapore and may return home on Saturday without a medal after two medal hopefuls, Atsu Nyamadi and Rita Luonab run out of steam in the track and field final yesterday.
AP Feb 11, 2013 05:34:18 PM Red Star beat Partizan 78-69 in Serbia's basketball cup final that was played Monday in an empty arena after clashes between rival fans stopped play at the weekend.
Auriga upgraded Juniper Networks to Buy with a price target of $26, citing attractive valuation.
Jesse Helms, a die-hard anti-communist firebrand who championed a wide range of conservative causes in his 30 years in the US Senate, died early on Friday, aged 86, his foundation said.
A WOMAN was punched in the face as she walked down a main residential road in Yeovil.
A grassfire that started at Ulupna near Shepparton last night is contained but the DSE reminds you that the threat of grassfires remains high.
TeamBank will meet its Monday deadline to produce a capital plan for regulators, the bank's top officer said Wednesday.
Titus Young pleaded not guilty to the eight charges he faces in Orange County.
Ghaziabad, May 6 A fire sparked by a candle killed two children in Dalatpura area in Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh.
Rapper TI and his wife, singer and reality star Tameka ``Tiny'' Cottle, have been arrested on drug charges, police told TVGuide.com.
THE 2008 circuit racing season kicks off in style at Croft Circuit with action on both four wheels and two in successive weekends.
Google is announcing $23 million in grants to spur innovation among charities and increase education for girls and minority students in science and technology.
Egyptian Islamist presidential hopefuls on Monday condemned violence that erupted during a Coptic protest outside the state TV building late Sunday.
Free State Stars got their first win of the 2009/10 Absa Premiership season, beating Golden Arrows 3-1 at Goble Park on Wednesday afternoon.
Regenerative medicine is now being used for treatment of Avascular Necrosis, according to AJ Farshchian MD an Orthopedic Regenerative physician at the Center for Regenerative Medicine.
Tourism Ireland has strengthened its business and sports tourism team with the appointment of Caroline Mulligan.
President Pratibha Patil on Saturday expressed concern over ``repeated'' blasts in the city and conveyed condolences to the bereaved family members of the 13-year old boy, who died in the blast in Mehrauli.
Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said on Tuesday that Pakistan is committed to strengthening democracy, improving governance and enhancing its institutional capacities with the support of the international community.While addressing the Ministerial Meeting of Friends of Democratic Pakistan co-chaired by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmed Davutoglu, he said ``We believe that by partnering with the international community, our shared goals for progress and development will be significantly advanced.''
A man in North Carolina was caught stealing the identity of a three year old girl when he tried to sign up for telephone and natural gas service.
``I want to congratulate Governor Pat Quinn on his victory.
Clubs from five countries -- the Central African Republic, Chad, Kenya, Rwanda and Sierra Leone -- have been excluded from African continental club competition this year, the Confederation of African Football said on Sunday.
Rihanna sued her former accountants Thursday, blaming them for tens of millions of dollars in losses, shoddy bookkeeping, a failure to recommend she trim expenses when a 2009 tour was losing money and an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service.
China has blocked access to the New York Times (NYT) Web site, the newspaper said Saturday, days after the central government defended its right to censor online content it deems illegal.
The Bruins selected their fourth forward in as many picks, drafting Craig Cunningham in the fourth round of the NHL draft.
Almost 2,3 million people in Bulgaria live under the poverty limit which is 176,64 BGN in Bulgaria.
Evernote has recently announced that they've surpassed one million registered users.
People stand in line before passing through a metal detector to attend the Zhanaozen clashes trial at a makeshift court in a single-storey youth centre in the Caspian port city of Aktau, March 27, 2012.
AT least four labourers were injured when the roof of a house where they were doing repair work collapsed near Rashidpura Chowk on Friday.
A Wilton Manors man is being accused of elderly neglect after police said his 78-year-old mother was found nude and covered in feces.
A Shunpike Road laundromat was taken to the cleaners by a fast-acting thief overnight Sunday.
A couple of brothers have been charged with 20 child sex offenses in Australia.
It's the first time the Centers for Disease Control is recommending everyone over the age of six-months-old get a flu shot.
DENVER A Denver police officer has been arrested on a second-degree assault charge after being accused of using excessive force against a 16-year-old boy.
Australian building approvals fell 14.8 per cent to 14,144 units in April, seasonally adjusted, from an upwardly revised 16,610 units in March, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday.
Soda pop maker Cott Corp., which has been restructuring its business amid tough business conditions, says it has arranged a new financing deal with relaxed terms.
A Shelbyville business is being sued by the city of Manchester in an attempt to recover money lost to theft committed by that city's former public works director and his son.
But I'm just a good bathroom singer, I'm not at all a competent singer,'' said Sonam.
Japanese car giant Nissan says it will build a new hatchback at its UK plant, creating more than 1,000 jobs at the site and at component companies.
His creator, Angel Inigo Blanco stated that Fidel has carved the best sculpture of Humanity: the Cuban Revolution, he has the right of giving others the responsibility of immortalize it, those who started the struggle with him and others who have helped to continue the hard task of giving continuity.
Leona Lewis is buying an apartment in the area of London she grew up in.
US President George Bush signed a housing bill Wednesday that provides relief for homeowners and sets up a rescue plan for federal mortgage guarantors.
Yesterday, a huge fire ate up a whole lot of Universal Studios movie sets and left them in ashes!
Centurion India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni admitted that bowling was an area of concern although the team were shot out for a paltry 136 in the first innings of the first Test which concluded at the Supersport park in Centurion today.
A child escaped a bungalow fire, which is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault, yesterday.
Javelin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a leading developer of novel acute care pain products, commented on the tender offer extension by Hospira, Inc.
Denver police say they've had multiple reports of a man in a thong running, exposing himself and masturbating.
David Hiller, publisher of the Los Angeles Times, is resigning after less than two years at the beleaguered newspaper as its parent company, Tribune Co., prepares to cut jobs there.
``We are not repressed and disturbed. We were shocked no doubt, but not repressed. We will fight on until we get justice. I represent a force that is indestructible. So, I am not worried; neither am I perturbed about the decision of the election tribunal.''
But Tuesday, we got word Fidel Castro is stepping down as the leader of Cuba.
Spain has won a lengthy legal battle with US treasure hunters over ownership of one the largest hauls of gold and silver ever recovered from the sea.
Jon Venables, one of the killers of James Bulger, has been sent back to prison after breaching the conditions of his release.
Two trailers belonging to Wayne McCarthy of Rainy River, were lost to fire Sunday evening.
A Pulaski man is headed to prison, after being convicted of a bizarre sexual assault on a Radford University student.
Dollarama Inc, the dollar-store that had one of Canada's largest IPOs last year, said on Monday that key stakeholders priced a secondary offering of stock at C$24.60 per share.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa, who is now in China for a four-day visit, has received a honorary doctorate from the Beijing Foreign Language University, the Director General of the President's Media Banduala Jayasekara said.
Sugarbush Resort has extended its ski season at Lincoln Peak through April 27, the resort announced.
Sarang Wadhawan, vice chairman and managing director of HDIL says, the debt is likely to be reduced by 20-25% in Q4FY12.
Russia has said it would use military means if the United States deployed a missile defence shield close to Russia's borders.
Space shuttle Atlantis and its seven astronauts returned to Earth with a smooth touchdown Friday to end an ``amazing'' flight that resupplied the International Space Station.
Qatar said on Saturday it would respect the choice of Tunisians after President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia following violent anti-government protests.
Interiormark launched its newest website, SofasandSectionals.com.
Prince William has announced his engagement to Kate Middleton, after apparently popping the question in Kenya last month.
Bankrupt retailer Linens 'n Things on Monday offered a sign that business may be improving slightly, saying it will close fewer stores than originally anticipated.
The Montana Highway Patrol says one person was killed in a crash between a car and a commercial vehicle on US Highway 12 just west of Ryegate.
US Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. today announced that he has scheduled a forum to discuss senior issues next week in Montclair.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg said a new state deal that ensures teacher evaluation systems don't expire is ``helpful,'' but the city and the teachers union still need to negotiate on a new system.
Uma Thurman and Arpad Busson celebrated their engagement on Wednesday night.
The River Walk duck killers reward has been raised to $15,000.
The delegation headed by the head of the squad of the RA Armed forces, Colonel General Yuri Khachaturov is leaving for Brussels since 17 th up to 19 th January to attend the NATO's Euro-Atlantic Partnership, Afghanistan International Security Assistance Forces and NATO's Military Committee sessions.
Luis Suarez has revealed he wants to stay at Liverpool after speculation Paris Saint-Germain were planning an offer for the Uruguayan, the Liverpool Echo has reported.
India and Saudi Arabia have signed a new bilateral air services agreement on 23 January, 2008, allowing for more passenger flights between the two countries and removes all restrictions on cargo services.
The Detroit Lions say they've cut defensive tackle Orien Harris.
KONE Inc., one of the world's leading elevator and escalator companies, and Power Efficiency Corporation, a clean tech company focused on energy efficiency technologies for electric motors, announced today that KONE has installed the EcoStart® on escalators at McCarran International Airport.
Authorities in Jefferson County have raided a bingo hall and seized 58 gambling machines.
A 151kg tea bag, which is thought to be the biggest of its kind in the world, has been unveiled in Australia.
A Union Gap car dealership was robbed at gunpoint late Saturday afternoon, police said.
Sydney needs second airport Updated: 10:59, Friday March 2, 2012 Sydney should receive more flights every hour and host a second airport in the western suburbs, a report commissioned by the federal government says.
Actor Gary Sinise and his Lt. Dan Band will be performing outside Temecula City Hall tonight in a concert benefiting a US Marine who lost both legs and an arm in Afghanistan.
The world's leading retailer Wal-Mart plans to launch e-commerce business in China and Japan, and it is currently establishing the technology platform, the Financial Times reports.
Everton chairman Bill Kenwright is looking to the future after the collapse of plans to build a new ground - but accepts the club cannot move forward without significant investment.
Walter Zenga has left Catania and taken over as coach at Sicilian rival Palermo.
Dave Smith, a former all-star closer who holds the Houston Astros record for games pitched, died Wednesday.
``I miss Myers,'' Manuel said.
A restaurant in Wilkesboro, NC, was interrupted when a van crashed into it, slightly injuring one man dining.
US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Richard Boucher, arrived in Pakistan on Monday .
Bulgaria is a very attractive investment destination, but it needs several things -- rule of law, stimuli for business, education and training and infrastructure.
Peter Berg has officially left the Dune remake currently in early development at Paramount.
NIU will release a comprehensive report on the 2008 deadly shootings at niu will be to the public on Thursday.
On Monday, former Commerce Secretary Gary Locke was sworn in as the new US Ambassador to China.
Tracy Reese has relaunched her e-commerce website, TracyReese.com, and on it the fashion designer is not only going to offer her latest collections from both Tracy Reese and Plenty by Tracy Reese, but some of her inspirations as well.
As much as €1bn of distressed Irish properties backed by debt from Lloyds Banking Group plc could be transferred to a new venture with one of Ireland's best-known property groups.
Fryatt, 25, silenced the boo boys - after a miss in the defeat by Blackpool - with a slick finish and said: ``I got criticism and everyone is entitled to those opinions but forwards miss chances. ``You have to keep believing in your ability and if I get enough chances I know I'll score more often than not.'' Ipswich captain Grant Leadbitter said: ``Our home form needs to be better than last season if we want to go forward.''
Unsecured loans have been ranked #1 by most financial institutes.
Country singer Willie Nelson, a marijuana enthusiast who was arrested for possession in November, has been offered freedom from jail by a judge if he pleads guilty and sang a song for the court.
German automobile manufacturer Daimler, also the world's leading maker of heavy trucks, said Tuesday that it would raise its stake in Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation to 89.29 percent.
A basketball coach is accused of selling pot and prescription drugs.
General Motors filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, culminating the collapse of the automaker that once symbolised American global industrial might.
``Everyone has to have big eyes, big ears, know what's going on around them and be policemen for the organization,'' says Goldman Sachs CEO Blankfein to employees as part of the annual meeting.
By Dave Flett '' ACOMB arrows ace Chris Thompson has been drawn against two-time World Championship runner-up Ronnie Baxter in the third round of the UK Open.
Hong Kong shares hit a 19-1/2-month high on Friday, while China posted a first gain in three days after better-than-expected data showed the world's second-largest economy snapped seven-straight quarters of declining economic growth.
Rain, cool temperatures delay cicada explosion It seems even cicadas don't like going out in the rain.
I would just like to point out to John Lowe of Wolstanton that immigration works both ways.
DemoWolf, a producer of flash support tutorials, announced last week that it has released 46 new tutorials for the latest version of WHMCS version 4, a client billing system for web hosts that continues to grow in popularity.
A former soldier was charged in the magistrate's court here yesterday for impersonating a doctor and had administered treatment to patients without the Annual Practising Certificate from the Malaysian Medical Council.
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India said it will hire at least 2,300 people, mainly for its upcoming two new plants in Manesar, within next two years.
Drugs like Ritalin may help childhood cancer survivors who often develop long term problems with thinking, memory, attention span, behavior and school performance because of treatments that often target the central nervous system.
A Woodstock police officer has been suspended for 30 days and ordered to have no intentional contact with City Councilman Ralph Webster.
Top-seeded Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic withdrew with a left thigh muscle injury before her second round match against Sweden's Johanna Larsson at the Prague Open.
New Jersey teachers are encouraged to apply for funding through PSEG's Environmental Education Grant Program, which provides funding to educators who can link their students' understanding of math, science, computer science, and technology with an enthusiasm and appreciation for the environment.
Pop singer Celine Dion says she was ``thrilled'' to kick off a new world tour by starting in South Africa.
Former Geelong premiership player Nathan Ablett is considering playing with Gold Coast in the VFL next season in what could be a step towards an AFL comeback.
A Goshen teen has been sentenced to sixty-five years in prison in the fatal beating of a 76-year-old woman.
An investigating official told IANS Sunday that the Karmapa was intentionally hiding facts.
Olson was denied parole by the National Parole Board at a hearing in Ste-Anne-des-Plaines, Que.
Gov. Charlie Crist threw the Gadsden County community hospital a life line this morning, signing a bill that gives the county another year to reopen the facility.
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has said that China needs to learn from India about democracy which brings in harmony among people of different languages and ethnic backgrounds.
NFL players say thanks to fans for their support during the lockout.
In an effort to prevent inaccurate information from being posted on some of its articles, Wikipedia is implementing a new editing policy.
Knowledge is wealth in its purest form, fully possessed by and inseparable from the individual.
Stocks tacked on modest gains Tuesday to extend a rally to a fourth day following a strong rise in pending home sales, the latest encouraging signal for the troubled housing market.
Alberto Aquilani says it was emotional making his AC Milan debut in last night's draw against Lazio .
Sessions of the 3rd consultative meeting between Yemen and donors will be held by the end of 2008.
British designer brand Amanda Wakeley has secured ``significant'' investment from private equity firm AGC Equity Partners.
Actor Farhan Akhtar, who is set to reprise the role of Milkha Singh in Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra`s 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag', will start growing a beard and wear a turban to perfect his look as the legendary athlete.
An Iranian nuclear scientist has been killed and another wounded in two separate, but similar attacks, according to Iranian media reports.
Former WWE and WCW World Heavyweight Champion Bill Goldberg Tweeted some interesting remarks about WWE, Triple H, and Ryback.
A Jacksonville businessman is accused of assaulting police officers with a firearm early this morning.
A suicide bomber in a wheelchair killed a top policeman and wounded four others in an attack on the police operations centre in the Iraqi city of Samarra yesterday, police said.
A Janesville woman admitted Friday in federal court to harboring a man on probation who mailed death threats to two Presidents of the United States.
Bulgarian diplomat, Elena Poptodorova, has returned to Washington DC to serve a second term as Bulgarian Ambassador to US.
Rip Van Winkle has been retired to stud at Coolmore where he will stand alongside his sire Galileo, and will not run the Breeders' Cup.
Swiss stocks pared gains, with the Swiss Market Index trading near an 11-month low, as European Union leaders pledged to aid Greece.
George Zimmerman was released early this morning from a Florida county jail on $150,000 bail.
Travelzoo Inc., a global Internet media company, today surpassed 25 million subscribers worldwide.
A Sept. 3 trial date has been set in the Serial Shooter case, but it remains unclear which of the two suspects will be tried first.
The final curtain New look for stadium as the M1 derby looms
The Bank of Canada said on Tuesday no amount was transacted in either its term purchase and resale agreement operation or term loan facility.
New England regional director of schools Jim White says parents and students can be assured that NAPLAN tests will go ahead despite union calls for a teacher boycott.
November Crude Oil continued to slide lower on Thursday on light volume.
Smith & Williamson's Chris Lynas sold all euro exposure this month, saying the currency could collapse into chaos if Greece is allowed to exit.
Subo has canceled her Australian tour so that she can ``rest'' before recording her follow-up album to the international success I Dreamed A Dream.
Fil-American netter Treat Huey barged into the Top 40 of the Association of Tennis Professionals doubles rankings for the first time after two impressive finishes.
``Jobs must be our number one focus in 2010, and that is why I am calling for a new jobs bill tonight,'' Obama said in his first State of the Union speech to a joint session of Congress.
From Miley Cyrus to Anne Hathaway, nearly all of our favorite celebrities have had their own time in the spotlight for embarrassing incidents when their clothes didn't cooperate.
Governor Pat Quinn today announced approval of a new underground coal mine to be opened in Hamilton County.
Veteran soul and gospel vocalist Shirley Murdock will make her debut with the world-renowned National Symphony Orchestra in its upcoming production of ``Mighty Stream,'' a celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. and the American Freedom Movement.
Japan's Mitsubishi Electric said Monday that it would stop making mobile telephones because of a bleak outlook for the loss-making business, which is facing tough competition.
US stocks bounced back on Tuesday, reversing the previous day's losses while shrugging off the spectre of more turmoil in Europe.
The Boston Celtics (team stats) have signed free agent center Jason Collins and re-signed guard Keyon Dooling.
South Africa's growth recovery is expected to continue, the Bureau of Economic Research said on Monday.
Appeal to Kadima and Labour for national unity deal Israeli president asks Netanyahu to form government
An Iowa City committee is recommending that vendors along a crowded street outside of Kinnick Stadium on game days should be banned.
TWO Canberra women have just taken early retirement after jointly claiming the $2 million division one prize from Monday night's Lotto draw.
UAE national carrier Etihad Airways carried a record 31,700 tonnes of cargo in March, an increase of 20 per cent on the previous year.
Three young men were airlifted to a Lexington hospital Sunday night after a single-vehicle crash on US 127 in Frankfort.
Muskogee ranks the 12th least expensive city in the nation, according to Muskogee Development's latest information.
A woman committed suicide by hanging herself over a family dispute near here.
Shareholders will be worse off with the new dividend tax, PricewaterhouseCoopers SA said on Tuesday.
MORE than 5,000 children are on waiting lists for hearing tests, with 43% waiting for more than nine months.
It was the first time Zachary Quinto, who played Spock in new ``Star Trek'' movie, heard about Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock game of ``The Big Bang Theory'' from a journalist on the interview for ``Margin Call''.
The Ayurveda education and research is gaining scientific acceptance and approval.
Actress Jessica Chastain is set to make her Broadway debut in an upcoming revival of The Heiress.
One of the Big Brother 2012 housemates has a 'shocking sex secret', it has been claimed.
Three Turkish policemen were injured in a rocket attack in southeastern Turkey on Tuesday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
COAS stated that the Army is making all out efforts for rescue and relief of the affected people.
The United Nations says Pakistan has extended refugee status for over a million Afghans living in the country.
A European human rights court, citing long sentences and restrictive American prison conditions, has blocked the extradition to the US of four terror suspects, two of whom are wanted in Connecticut on charges of raising money, weapons and recruits for Islamic extremist groups.
An LA traffic stop turned fatal last week.
Fendt is introducing the new Fendt 900 Series Vario tractors during the Farm Progress Show in Decatur, Ill.
Gas selection from Russian underground gas storage facilities reached a new record of 564.9 million cubic meters on Jan. 25 Gas selection from Russian underground gas storage facilities reached a new record of 564.9 million cubic meters on January 25, the Central Dispatching Department of the Fuel and Energy Complex said in a statement.
The 67th annual Cloverdale Rodeo and 125th Country Fair opens today at 4 pm, ushering a long weekend filled with entertainment.
The city council made their vote tonight to upgrade flood plans for Terre Haute.
``The market is likely to edge higher in opening trade on firm Asian stocks. Asian stocks climbed in the last trading day of 2011, with the region`s benchmark index trimming its biggest yearly decline since 2008, as rising US home sales signaled the world`s largest economy is weathering Europe`s debt crisis. US stocks rose, restoring the yearly gain for the Standard & Poor`s 500 Index, as economic data signaled the US is weathering Europe`s debt crisis. The euro erased an earlier loss versus the dollar and European shares gained,`` said SMC Global Research.
Matthew Morrison, star of hit television show Glee, has revealed he feels ``surrounded by love but still alone'' as legions of fans don't know his real name.
Kutcher was spotted with Kunis in his hometown of Cedar Rapids, sharing a treat at Fruitzen Frozen Yogurt, Access Hollywood reports.
Chief Minister, Senator Ian Gorst, and Assistant Chief Minister, Senator Paul Routier, will attend the next British-Irish Council summit meeting later this week.
A BUNTINGFORD takeaway can stay open for longer hours on Friday and Saturday nights after receiving the go ahead from East Herts Council.
A pre-season poll has given the Wartburg baseball team added motivation for this season.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. - Saturday morning at the downtown branch of the Allen County Public Library will hold a community bike summit.
A high speed chase that spanned two counties has ended in Marietta Friday night, with the driver in custody.
Econet Wireless yesterday disconnected government-owned cellular network operator NetOne again over a $19 million debt while the High Court was sitting to hear the case.
Cyborg, the HR and payroll management software provider, has rebranded as Accero.
Iraqi officials said Friday that the Iraq's presidential council has endorsed the execution of ``Chemical Ali,'', Saddam Hussein's cousin, who was implicated in the 1980s scorched-earth campaign against Kurds.
While attending the summit of world leaders in Pittsburg last week, Michelle Obama clued in a few select reporters that she will be lobbying hard for Chicago to beat out contenders Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo and Madrid.
Entries are being accepted for the second annual ``A Parcel for the Park'' road race and walk May 1 at Abernathy Regional Park.
``I'm independent of Wall Street,'' Romney, 64, said in an interview with Bloomberg Television that began airing yesterday.
Why not run more out of the ``I'' with Sean McHugh as fullback?
Javier Hernandez has hailed Manchester United team-mate David de Gea as the best goalkeeper in world football.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Bangladesh for a two-day state visit aimed at warming often prickly ties between the two South Asian neighbors.
Gabriel Obertan finally made his Manchester United debut on Monday night after playing 45 minutes of a reserve team game against Oldham Athletic.
Nevertheless, Barca took care of business against Rubin Kazan with a 2-0 win.
As Pakistan brainstorms to revamp its foreign policy after last month's deadly Nato strike, foreign minister Ms Hina Rabbani Khar said the country will retaliate against all future attacks but also made it clear that Islamabad is not taking its ties with the USA to a point of no return.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced that Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats in a tit-for-tat action after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
Gov. Deval Patrick is asking President Barack Obama for federal disaster relief for seven Massachusetts counties in the wake of the heavy rains and severe flooding that began March 12.
Political parties protest against Anna's slap remark with leaders unanimously saying that he should stay within his limits.
The Karachi police in their on-going drive against criminals, arrested 15 accused during the past 24 hours.
A MAGISTRATE stole £1,400 from a charitable organisation which she had helped set up and used it to install railings and a gate to improve security at her own home, a jury was told.
Developers for a planned Nepco Lake residential project have quietly taken steps to help the community, officials say.
Tea Party activists rallied at the state Capitol to tell members of the General Assembly that they're already being taxed enough.
New Albany City Council on Tuesday, Nov. 13, unanimously approved a five-year, job-creation tax credit for iQor, a company that plans to bring 800 jobs to New Albany.
Researchers have uncovered a genetic cause of a type of eczema most common in infancy that also affects millions of adults around the world with dry, itchy and inflamed skin lesions.
Several major hedge funds suffered substantial losses in the first quarter of 2011, during which the Japan earthquake and tsunami occurred.
Caltrans is considering replacing every bolt on the new Bay Bridge after at least 30 of them snapped.
On Wednesday, spice maker McCormick & Company declared its next quarterly dividend and announced a new share repurchase program.
Britain has agreed to sell nationalised lender Northern Rock to Virgin Money, the banking arm of Richard Branson's Virgin empire, in a loss-making deal that marks the start of the government's exit from banks it bailed out in the 2008 crisis.
Sri Lanka Friday launched an online visa approval system for people on a short stay, Xinhua reported.
A journalist looks at a coelacanth at the Sant Ocean Hall at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History during a press preview in Washington, DC 2008.
The world tennis number two Rafael Nadal says he feared he had suffered serious ligament damage in his Wimbledon fourth-round match against Mikhail Youzhny.
President Mohamed Nasheed, yesterday, met with the Sri Lankan President, Mahinda Rajapaksa and the Vice-President of India Mohammad Hamid Ansari.
RIA Novosti reported that Russia is likely to raise Urals oil export duty from the current USD 238.6 to USD 240.7 per tonne from October 1st following trends on global oil markets.
MnDOT has advised zero travel around the Twin Cities on Saturday due to the dangerous roads.
Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen was punched in the face by an angry fan outside CJ's Pub in South Bend, Indiana.
Pfizer Inc. announced today that the World Health Organization has granted an expansion to the prequalification of Pfizer's pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, Prevenar 13, to include adults 50 years of age and older against pneumonia and invasive disease caused by the 13 pneumococcal serotypes contained in the vaccine.
A former Hamilton Township assistant construction code official was charged Nov. 6 with one count of second-degree official misconduct for allegedly taking cash for permits totaling nearly $12,000 for her own personal use, Atlantic County Prosecutor Ted Housel said.
An Olympia School District bus was involved in a crash about 4 pm Wednesday in the roundabout on Yelm Highway and Boulevard Road, according to district spokeswoman Rebecca Japhet.
Academy Award winning director Sidney Pollack, shown in this April 14, 2005 file photo arriving at the British premiere of his new film ``The Interpreter'' in London, died in Los Angeles on May 26, 2008.
The Arab League on Tuesday suspended Libya from its sessions in light of violent crackdowns on anti-government protests, regional news network Al Jazeera reported.
Popular Indian singer Kailash Kher, who has won millions of hearts with his Sufi tunes and soulful earthy voice, is set to release his first album of Bangla songs next year.
Yellow Pages owner Yell Group has suspended dividend payments to shareholders in a bid to reduce debt.
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza will team up with Virginia Ruano Pascual of Spain for the Australian Open commencing next month.
Medical experts and police investigators believe 13-year-old Shazia was not tortured to death, as she has been suffering from mysterious skin diseases and was also mentally ill to some extent, thanks to the media for making a mountain out of mole hole.
Al Qaeda has released a new ``posthumous'' 13-minute audio tape of bin Laden which has an apparent reference to revolts in Tunisia and Egypt and includes still images emblazoned with an old picture of the al Qaeda leader.
The government forecasts GDP growth of 3.7% y/y in 2010, thus reaching UAH 1.178tn.
The trial of Franco-Turkish writer Nedim Gürsel on charges of inciting racial and religious hatred has been adjourned until June.
A Greeneville man faces aggravated assault charges Monday afternoon in connection with a weekend stabbing.
Lance Corporal Matthew Croucher, 24, from Solihull, Birmingham has received his George Cross from HM The Queen at a ceremony held at Buckingham Palace today.
The Montgomery County couple accused of starving their young son have been granted supervised visits with the child.
The CEO of Aer Lingus Christoph Mueller has been appointed chairman of An Post.
British soul singer Amy Winehouse has undergone more tests after being taken to hospital four days ago, but hopes to perform as scheduled next week, her office said.
FICO, owner of the credit-scoring formula most widely used by US lenders, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 46 percent as a decline in revenue slowed.
The sources said Younis is ready to take back his resignation but only on the condition that the Pakistan Cricket Board makes a clear announcement about his captaincy term.
Macy's, the famous department store and retail industry pioneer beloved for its memorable events and immortalized in Miracle on 34 th Street, turns 150 years old on October 28, 2008.
Marlins ace Josh Johnson will miss his scheduled start Friday because of back and shoulder pain and could be done for the season, according to the South Florida Sun Sentinel.
A suspected Taliban member detained here was found to have forged his identity several times in the past by submitting his own death certificate, according to the National Police Agency.
New Delhi, Feb 12 India is to fine tune its defence purchase procedures to bring them in line with international best practices and to enable the domestic industry effectively absorb the cutting edge technologies that will now become available to this country.
The Super Fight League promoted by IPL team Rajasthan Royals' co-owner Raj Kundra and Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt has roped in London Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom as its brand ambassador.
Retail sales for the year just ended showed positive gains from the previous year, with increases in the 6 to 8 percent range, according to figures just released by the Concordia Sales Tax Collection Agency.
The evangelicals who have expressed their support for Sen. Barack Obama based on his plans to expand the government to take care of the poor have missed the point of Jesus' concern for the poor and needy.
Sadiqabad, a thickly populated locality in the heart of the city, has become a hotbed of illicit trade while Sadiqabad administration and Policymakers have failed to control crimes in the locality.
Dodgers right-hander Hiroki Kuroda tossed a successful simulated game before Saturday's contest against the Reds.
Jared Loughner, the 22-year-old Tucson shooting suspect, pleaded not guilty to the attempted assassination of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords.
Deutsche Bank downgrades Dover from Buy to Hold but maintains their $38 price target.
Airbus is preparing to double the amount of vendor financing it offers to about €2bn next year to support commercial aircraft sales and maintain deliveries as its customers struggle to obtain funding from traditional sources.
Portland-based LUNARR, which is developing an online service for taking notes and annotating digital documents and web pages, said Wednesday that it has launched a beta of its service.
``You've never seen anything like this in your life,'' the longtime DFL state legislator said moments after the inauguration ceremonies concluded.
ACTIVIST group GetUp is taking on Sydney shock jock Alan Jones, demanding the broadcaster withdraw comments disputing the science of human-induced climate change.
Web portal Yahoo Inc. broadened a three year old deal with Korean electronics giant Samsung that will put Yahoo email and other services on Samsung phones.
A man is behind bars after opening fire at a popular Orlando night club Saturday night.
GM Voices, the world's largest producer of professionally-recorded voice prompts for automated technologies, today announced a partnership with LumenVox, an award-winning speech automation solutions provider headquartered in San Diego.
After decade of criticism, student grouping rises according to a review of federal education surveys.
Apeejay Institute of Design, a premier designing institution hosted the 8th 'Design Showcase' last week at the Institute premises.
ITV has bought a 25% stake in start-up indie Crackit, in outgoing chief executive Dawn Airey's final deal before her shock departure earlier this week.
More than 17,000 people are dying every year because the NHS has become a ``vast bureaucratic monolith'', a report says today.
Aircraft carriers are sometimes named after people, witness the USS Ronald Reagan, USS Carl Vinson, USS Nimitz, etc. Battleships are named after states.
SLIDESLOW residents are being invited to the next drop in surgery with their local councillors.
The Harding women's basketball team fell to Missouri State 88-56 on Sunday in their first exhibition game of the season.
Gulf carrier Etihad Airways, seeking to widen operations in India and other Asian markets, is in the final stages of talks to buy part of either Jet Airways or grounded rival Kingfisher Airlines, an Indian government official said on Monday.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. The San Francisco 49ers waived veteran linebacker Brandon Moore on Sunday, opening a roster spot that could go to two-time Pro Bowl linebacker Takeo Spikes.
MSNBC announced Friday that it suspended ``Morning Joe'' co-star Joe Scarborough as a result of undisclosed campaign contributions during the midterm elections.
A 20-year-old Butte man is charged with intentionally injuring another man by hitting him with an SUV during an argument.
By WBUR News & Wire Services To kick off the legislative session, Boston Mayor Thomas Menino introduced more than a dozen bills at the State House on Tuesday.
Indian shares ended flat Friday as traders continued to avoid fresh positions ahead of the federal budget presentation next week.
The Houston Cougars soccer team beat UTSA 3-1 to improve to 5-2-1 Sunday afternoon in San Antonio.
Northrop Grumman Corp. said Monday that it will move 850 jobs off Long Island by next year, leaving just 550 workers out of a workforce that exceeded 25,000 in the 1980s.
At a time when NCP chief Sharad Pawar has come under attack over rise in prices of sugar and other essential commodities, the party magazine 'Rashtravadi' has said that ``no one dies due to not eating sugar'' and it is not necessary that everyone consumes it.
Jaguar and Land Rover are planning to share platforms.
The body of a missing minor boy of Savalyapuram village in Guntur was found in a gunny bag under mysterious circumstances in the Guntur-Kacheguda passenger train near Mahbubnagar on Saturday.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas investment arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, has resumed crude oil production from its oilfields in Sudan, which was halted 15 months ago due to split of the African nation.
Mumbai, Jan 2 The US dollar declined against the rupee at 54.35/36 per dollar and the Pound Sterling also finished lower at Rs 88.65/67, at the close of the Interbank Foreign Exchange Market today.
A charter bus carrying 39 people overturned Friday night near Fraser, inflicting minor injuries on some of the passengers.
English singer songwriter George Michael has issued an apology to fans for 'screwing up again' after he was arrested for drug possession.
A former Burley High School teacher has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for having a sexual relationship with an underage student.
Gov. Ted Strickland released his income tax returns on Wednesday, and called on his Republican opponent in this fall's election to do the same.
The national senior males football team on Monday worked in two separate groups in Malabo, in preparation for the second-round game of the African Nations Cup, set for Thursday, in the capital city of Equatorial Guinea.
Oil prices rose to near mid-$110 a barrel Friday after slipping from a record hit in the middle of the week as a stronger US dollar prompted investors to book profits.
A registered sex offender has been charged with kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault after allegedly providing alcohol and marijuana to two teenage girls and then molesting one of them.
Burmese officials say democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi will be released in November, just days after the country's first election in two decades.
With all of the negative press about the increase in University fees and the rise in unemployed graduates it is welcome news that a Derbyshire based podcasting website is branching out into job search services for students.
Britney Spears is set to be honoured with a second Glee tribute show, according to reports.
Western Asset High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. announced today the results of the votes cast at the Fund's annual meeting of shareholders held on January 27, 2012.
French video-active apps developer V4x has joined Facebook's Preferred Marketing Developer programme.
PNB Housing Finance Ltd plans to sell 25 - 26% stake to an investor as part of its pre-IPO placement and expects to finalise transaction details by December, a top official said on Tuesday.
She's opening a new branch of her Hard Candy Fitness gyms in Rome this year.
The largest US banks face a multi-state investigation into whether they helped debt collectors pursue faulty judgments against credit card customers, according to people familiar with the matter.
A 27-year-old Norton man was injured Wednesday when his car skidded into the ditch and overturned just west of Logan.
The CTA says it will participate in Saturday's Earth Hour, when lights will go dark from 8:30 to 9:30 pm to promote climate change.
Petroleo Brasileiro SA, Mitsui & Co. and Camargo Correa SA got a preliminary environmental license to build a $1.1 billion ethanol pipeline in Brazil.
A former Lake Geneva librarian, who stole more than $97,000 from the city, was sentenced Wednesday afternoon to 60 days in jail with work release privileges and was ordered to pay back the stolen funds.
US Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke warned yesterday that mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures are likely to rise, with more declines in house prices, and called for active measures to stabilize housing markets.
This truck smashed into a northside bus shelter Saturday morning, sending three waiting bus riders to hospital.
Gov. Mike Easley wants to raise cigarette and alcohol taxes in order to fund teacher pay raises and services for the mentally ill.
A violent rapist who preyed on disabled women launched a string of ``gratuitous'' sexual attacks on pensioners in their own homes in south London, a court has heard.
Nine culpable negligence cases have been opened over wildfires in Russia, Chairman of the Prosecutor General's Office Investigation Committee Alexander Bastrykin told Itar-Tass on Tuesday.
German chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time sent a strong message to Pakistan saying that Islamabad cannot use terror as a means to any end.
With Tropical Cyclone Quinta having weakened into a low-pressure area, only light to moderate rains are expected over Metro Manila and other parts of the country in the next 24 hours, state weather forecasters said Thursday afternoon.
Chennai , June 30 Opposition AIADMK members were today evicted en masse from the Tamil Nadu Assembly as they disrupted the proceedings by raising slogans to demand passage of a resolution on the Sri Lankan Tamils issue.
Retail commercial brokerage firm L3 Corp. has formed an investment division to specialize in triple net investments, shopping center sales and investment property acquisitions.
Atlanta Braves pitcher John Smoltz is scheduled to start tonight's Rome Braves home game against the Asheville Tourists.
President Pratibha Patil today left on a 10-day visit to Vietnam and Indonesia to expand India's bilateral relations.
The United Arab Emirates player who became an Internet sensation earlier this year when he scored a backheeled penalty has been killed in a car accident.
Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez will skip the All-Star Home Run Derby at Yankee Stadium next month, choosing to protect his finely tuned swing.
As a ceasefire in Gaza is called and the humanitarian crisis in Zimbabwe deepens, a UQ academic is seeking an end to genocide and mass atrocities.
Sri Lanka has overcome a shaky start in the tri-series one-day international against Australia at the MCG.
``I appointed judges through an extensive process, including a thorough vetting first by the judicial nominating commission and then by my legal staff of the candidates that were nominated to me. I personally interviewed every candidate and appointed based on merit. I appointed 113 judges, including several Republicans, and the general consensus in the legal community is that we selected excellent judges who had to prove themselves to voters in elections. Campaign contributions never influenced my appointments, and any suggestion to the contrary is outrageous and defamatory.''
Argon ST Inc., which makes electronic systems for the US Navy and other government customers, said Thursday it has received a $49.7 million contract for support of Navy sensor systems.
Well, we're probably going to find out soon, as Bob Dutton of the Kansas City Star is reporting that the Royals intend to release Davies in order to call up catcher Salvador Perez.
Shoppach hit his second career grand slam and a solo homer Saturday, leading the Rays to a 7-3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles .
Construction on a 2.4-acre park to serve residents living on the south end of Clarendon Hills could begin as early as spring.
Three former presidents of what is now Indian River State College will be honored Wednesday afternoon at an event following an annual awards ceremony that recognizes student achievement.
NATO will not intervene in the Libyan crisis, but will continue to monitor the situation closely, its top decision-making body said after an emergency meeting Friday.
Jean Charest speaks to reporters on the day he inaugurated the Highway 25 bridge linking Montreal to Laval.
Lorrie Morgan filed for bankruptcy last week in federal court.
Sweden's Robert Karlsson gave Europe a Ryder Cup boost ahead of their clash with the USA with a first round 67 at the Mercedes-Benz Championship here on Thursday.
ABRA Auto Body & Glass recognized two shops this week with its President's Club awards.
First Republic Bank, a leading provider of private banking, private business banking and wealth management services, today announced that Steven Solomon, an investment professional with more than 12 years of experience, has been appointed Managing Director of First Republic Investment Management.
The ''War on Terror'' is likely to last as long as the Cold War, a senior Government security official has warned.
A Kansas City, Kan., man has been sentenced to 30 years in federal prison for drug trafficking, US Attorney Lanny Welch announced Friday.
General Motors is attempting to trademark the phrase ``range anxiety'', a term that apparently describes how electric car owners feel when the battery charge drops to near empty levels.
Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Monday Islam preaches love and communal harmony and rejects terrorism.
Glasgow Airport has reported its busiest November for four years, boosted by strong growth in both domestic and international traffic.
Sports Writer TEMPE, Ariz. Arizona wide receiver Anquan Boldin says he's ``moved on'' after Sunday's critical comments directed at coach Ken Whisenhunt and his staff.
The United States is sending, in an unannounced way, 13,000 additional troops to Afghanistan, officials said.
Researchers are testing a new type of insulin that could mean fewer shots for people with type 2 diabetes.
Where has Kristen Stewart been sleeping and hiding out from the paparazzi?
ESQ by Movado launches a new television ad campaign aired in four separate spots beginning Monday, May 3, 2010.
The Boston Red Sox will try out reliever Daniel Bard as a starter in spring training, the Boston Globe reports.
Prince George County is celebrating the 310th anniversary of its founding.
The investigation continues into an apparent murder suicide that has claimed the lives of a St. George firefighter and his wife.
AC Milan striker Antonio Cassano will undergo minor heart surgery this week and will be out of action until next year, the club confirmed today, according to Sky News.
Commercial property/casualty rates continue to soften, according to the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers' quarterly ``Commercial P/C Market Index Survey'' released Friday.
Former 'I'm A Celebrity' star Aggro Santos has been arrested over the claims that two teenage girls were raped in a hotel room in the UK.
Citi comments on Solar stocks and the impact of lower Natural Gas prices...which is being overlooked on a short-term basis.
``American Idol'' will expand the weekly results shows to one hour beginning Wednesday, March 12 on Fox.
Former US Sen. Mike DeWine said he isn't going to run for Ohio Attorney General this fall.
Turkey says it has launched a project to conserve an ancient Armenian cathedral and a church in what is seen as a gesture of reconciliation toward neighbouring Armenia.
Last week, we had reported that Super Smash Bros. Brawl had sold more than half a million copies in Japan.
conservation district supervisors will be elected across the state, according to West Virginia Conservation Agency officials.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson flew in for 24 hours to attend his niece's wedding at the Radisson SAS Golden Sands Resort on Friday night, The Sunday Times has learnt.
Sri Lankan cricketers playing in the Indian Premier League have agreed to return home early to prepare for the tour of England after Sri Lanka Cricket turned down the Board of Control for Cricket in India's request to allow them to stay on till May 15.
Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler said on Thursday he was sober when he fell in the shower in his Paraguay hotel room earlier this week.
Suraj Jagan, the voice behind myriad of bollywood chartbusters has rendered the first ever gujarati rock song titled 'Pankhida' for a contemporary film.
Neil Robertson said he hoped his world championship win Tuesday would inspire his native Australia to go crazy about the sport.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. Investigators say the Santa Barbara County wildfire that has scorched 13 square miles and destroyed dozens of homes was apparently sparked by a power tool used to clear vegetation.
State Sen. Dave Koehler will drop his bid for Congress and instead seek to remain in the Senate, the lawmaker announced Friday afternoon.
HIV drug AZT, also known as Zidovudine, part of the first class of drugs developed to treat HIV, may be linked to premature aging, British researchers have found.
The companies have been working jointly to integrate carbon nanotube materials as the transparent conductive layer in display devices.
Randy Quaid and his wife Evi were arrested today in Marfa, Texas.
New Delhi, April 3 An NCC mountaineering expedition to Mount Everest was flagged off by Minister of State for Defence Jitendra Singh here Wednesday.
Ethiopian runner Berhanu Girma has won Grandma's Marathon in Minnesota, and Kenyan runner Everlyne Lagat has won the women's division.
A Toronto cafe owner has been charged with sexually assaulting two of his female employees and police believe there may be more victims.
Feyenoord says coach Mario Been has quit after most of the team's players said they had lost faith in his leadership, plunging the cash-strapped club into turmoil shortly before the start of the new season.
A serious water crisis is looming in Bulawayo following a proposal by the city fathers to decommission another water supply dam to the city.
China and India today urged stability in major reserve currencies and in nations' macro- economic policies to help cement the global recovery.
Russia may help build a nuclear power plant in Syria, Russian Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko said on Tuesday as the Kremlin moved to strengthen ties with a Soviet-era ally in the Middle East.
Eastridge football is a perfect 6-0 and going for a perfect regular season Friday night against Irondequoit.
Australian manufacturing activity contracted further in August, with the sector continuing to suffer from strong overseas competition and the high Australian dollar, an industry group says.
In his most revealing comments yet on his health crisis nearly four years ago, Cuban leader Fidel Castro has said that he 'came to be dead,' but then resurrected.
The first series of collaborative biomaterial development and biomaterial validation projects have now been defined for the Angioscaff project.
Blake Shelton, speaking backstage at the CMA Music Festival, has confirmed that he has been in the studio at work on a new Christmas album.
A Muslim chef who accused the Metropolitan Police of religious discrimination when told he must handle pork has lost his tribunal case.
Former ``The Bachelorette'' star Meredith Phillips opened up to People Magazine about her battle with alcoholism.
E-Myth Worldwide™, a global provider of web-based educational solutions for small business owners, announces the continuation of its International Leadership Series with business-development events for German, Colombian, Australian and Nigerian entrepreneurs.
Drake has admitted that he has had a crush on Nicki Minaj since the two met last year.
Two media firms have signed up for newly refurbished office space in Camden, NW1 at Lazari Investments' Bedford House.
Former treasurer Peter Costello says the global financial ``tsunami'' he warned about in the lead-up to last year's federal election is now rolling out.
Sonia Sotomayor was sworn in on Saturday as US Supreme Court justice, the first Hispanic justice on the country's highest court.
A Miami-Dade Police officer is in stable condition after being shot multiple times, authorities said Sunday.
This September, Virgin Bingo has a little treat for it's players in the bingo promotion Everyone's a Winner Wednesday.
Sens. Thomas Morahan, R-New City, Rockland County, and George Maziarz, R-Newfane, Niagara County, accepted committee chairmanships after weeks of discussions with Democratic leaders in the Senate.
A PAEDOPHILE who admitted possessing 97 indecent photographs of children was spared jail by a judge.
Rajsthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot has said that budget proposals for 2012-13 as presented by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday, would strengthen the national economy and set the dimensions of development in various sectors.
It has been recently announced by SoftBank Mobile, Japanese operator, that femtocells will be used in open access mode.
Nineteen Southern Illinois counties were declared state disaster areas Thursday morning after widespread flooding covered roads, closed businesses and drove people from their homes.
Nine high school science teachers and a principal from the Milano area, Italy recently visited Medford High School, accompanied by Dr. Carlo Cipollone, education officer of the Italian consulate in Boston.
A 22-year-old Bonifay man died Thursday morning from injuries in a single-vehicle wreck.
A Stanislaus County supervisor denies that he had an inappropriate relationship with a woman accused of using his personal information to obtain credit cards and ringing up thousands of dollars in charges.
A new Michael Jackson album has been released, kicking off a week of celebrations of the late singer's life.
TNS, a market information and insight company, is launching its 6thdimension Interactive Research services in Latin America.
Patrick Swayze is sharing his great news with fans, that he is in fact responding well to his cancer treatment.
A JAGUAR driver was forced off the road when he was confronted by a car travelling on the wrong side of the road on the A44, near the Brockhampton Estate, Bromyard.
PTI, June 22, 2010 Industrialist Anil Ambani on June 22 called on Oil Minister Murli Deora and is believed to have discussed allocation of natural gas to his group's upcoming power plants.
Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Friday that nobody but the Parliament could remove him from his office, adding that only the Speaker of the House could disqualify him as the Prime Minister.
US food prices are expected to rise this year as much as 4 percent according to the US Department of Agriculture.
SPAIN HAS rowed back on plans to sue German health authorities for their incorrect claim that Spanish vegetables were the source of the E.coli epidemic.
In a major ceasefire violation after a gap of few months, Pakistani troops fired throughout the night at Indian posts in Uri sector of J & K, leaving a soldier injured.
Nokia Music today announced Reprise Records' multi-platinum, Grammy® Award-winning band Green Day will perform an exclusive concert at Irving Plaza in New York City on Saturday, September 15th to celebrate the launch of Nokia Music.
Kris Humphries Lindsey Vonn dating hopes were dashed by Tiger Woods, claims a news report today.
ATLANTA A legislative committee held a hearing on a bill that would bar illegal immigrants from attending state colleges or universities, but the chairman delayed a vote.
Guitar legend ERIC CLAPTON is set to release his new album 'Clapton' on 28th September 2010, his first since 2006's 'The Road to Escondido', a collaboration with JOHN CALE.
France faces the spectre of a downgrade of its AAA credit rating by not one but two notches after a heated EU summit considered a last chance to save the debt-struck eurozone.
UNITED Airlines said it will start requiring minimum stays for nearly all domestic coach seats beginning in October.
FOX Sports Southwest will offer live webcasts of this week's FOX Sports Southwest 7-on-7 state tournament Division I quarterfinal, semifinal, consolation and championship games from Texas A&M on Saturday.
Sir Fred Goodwin, the former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive, could face legal action over his £700,000 pension within ``weeks'', a senior Government official said today.
Tune Talk, the nation's fastest growing mobile prepaid service announced yesterday that it is launching the 'No Big Deal Lah' concert series, presenting music fans with back to back concerts by renowned international acts.
Poker News Daily has learned that the upcoming PokerStars Caribbean Adventure final table in January will air live on the ESPN family of networks.
Anorthosis Famagusta have been thrown out of this season's Europa League after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of their home game against Dila Gori at the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium in Larnaca.
A 6-year-old Colorado boy feared to have floated off in a helium balloon was found safe at his home Thursday, hiding in a cardboard box in the garage attic.
Bode Miller is ending his splendid isolation and rejoining the US Ski Team, just five months before the Vancouver Olympics.
The woman, who was not identified, suffered major injuries in the 2:20 pm accident and was taken to Mercy Medical Center in Redding.
Twitter gets a face lift the new site layout provides information over two panes making the old one pane version history.
Nassau, Bahamas - Bahamian actress Jeanene Fox plans to be home for the holidays and will be participating in the Boxing Day Junkanoo parade.
Aberdeen Indonesia Fund, Inc., a closed-end equity fund, announced today its performance data and portfolio composition as of August 31, 2011.
XOJet Inc. plans to expand service in New York and Los Angeles, the private jet operator said Thursday.
Foyles has reported a third year of profitable trading, despite ``deep concern'' about the impact of the development works near its flagship Charing Cross Road branch.
Somali pirates hijacked a Jordanian ship carrying humanitarian aid to Mogadishu on Saturday in the latest attack of a series off the lawless Somali coast, the head of a seafarers group said.
Work on the elevated Delhi monorail project will start in March and it will be commissioned in 2017, Transport Minister Ramakant Goswami said here yesterday.
THE Worcestershire Hub council telephone service has been branded 'diabolical' as staff fail to answer thousands more calls.
MELBOURNE players have lit the fuse for an explosive opening to Sunday's World Club Challenge by saying they expect the same fireworks that Leeds dished up to Manly in last year's violent encounter.
Tom Hanks will play Maersk Alabama hijacking survivor Captain Richard Phillips for an upcoming Sony film, according to Deadline.com.
The world's largest service dog helps raise spirits and money for kid fighting cancer.
A former Nueces County jailer was indicted Thursday on drug and bribery charges related to allegations she smuggled drugs into the jail.
Indian corn futures are seen higher on Thursday on domestic demand, analysts said.
Stirrings®, the leading innovative cocktailing brand, is launching their first ever digital advertising campaign, which plans to generate over 11 million national impressions between August and December 2008.
Pediatrics of Massillon has relocated its offices to 2520 Wales Ave. NW following a fire at its previous location on Traphagen Street NW.
Wheat bag 'probably caused fatal fire' Updated: 19:19, Monday April 29, 2013 A heated wheat bag was the likely cause of a Sydney house fire that ended up killing an 80-year-old woman from smoke inhalation, an inquest has been told.
The US Coast Guard rescued a man from a sinking boat Tuesday afternoon in the Detroit River near Grosse Ile.
Bajaj Auto is planning to set up an assembly plant in a free trade zone in Manaus in Brazil next financial year.
Now reports are saying that Fantasia was rushed to a North Carolina hospital in an apparent overdose.
Hunter Research and Technology is pleased to announce that its new iPhone app Theodolite has ranked as the top selling navigation app in the US and UK iTunes stores after just three weeks on the market.
British prime minister Gordon Brown sought to fend off a challenge to his authority on Friday, reshuffling his cabinet to secure the loyalty of several ministers and averting a government collapse.
During the week of July 13, drilling work will close the multi-use trail along Alaskan Way South between South Royal Brougham Way and South Dearborn Street for the Alaskan Way Viaduct and Seawall Replacement Program.
KIRSTEN DUNST has taken out a restraining order against a stalker caught trespassing in her home.
A young man was found dead at Katchi Abadi Walton, Factory Area here on Wednesday.
A fire destroyed a west side church early Sunday morning.
Echo And The Bunnymen have added a Manchester date to their forthcoming 'Crocodiles' and 'Heaven Up Here' tour this December.
Just weeks after it converted its Liberty Interactive unit into an asset backed security, Liberty Media said Thursday that it will combine its Liberty Starz and Liberty Capital units, effectively eliminating its tracking stock structure.
South Korean rapper PSY's ``Gangnam Style'' video has more than 200 million YouTube views and counting, and it's easy to see why.
Intermodal traffic volume rose 1.4% in the third quarter, the seventh straight quarter of year-over-year gains, the Intermodal Association of North America said.
93X has learned that Jane's Addiction have been forced to cancel their upcoming Australian tour due to the hospitalization of drummer Stephen Perkins.
Two German spies in Baghdad actively supported the 2003 US invasion of Iraq despite Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier's denials, opposition parties have said.
Automation Anywhere, a leader in desktop and enterprise automation software, asked leading IT professionals around the world the question, ``What would you do with 30 minutes extra?''
A small crane fell onto part of the roof at Canterbury Woods Elementary School in Annandale on Tuesday morning.
Target stores have issued a recall of children's frog masks because they lack proper ventilation, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission.
Heather Locklear is in stable condition in the wake of her health scare on Thursday, her parents said.
Any of the Central Asian countries with the exception of Turkmenistan could potentially provide some sort of facilities to US/NATO forces after 2014, US expert on Central Asia Bruce Pannier believes.
One-quarter of travel managers have made emergency spending cutbacks because of the financial crisis, according to a new survey released on Monday.
A GYMNASTICS coach put a girl's hand inside his shorts and warned her not to tell anyone, a court heard.
borro, UK personal asset lender, has seen a 661% rise in property related loan applications from customers, with one in seven enquiries to the business now related to a property issue.
A 25-year-old man who slipped and fell into the Willamette River early Sunday morning was found clinging to the seawall in downtown Portland.
Everett Golson threw a touchdown pass and ran for a score in the first half to help No. 20 Notre Dame beat No. 10 Michigan State 20-3 Saturday night.
The doctor informed Michelle that she had suffered a miscarriage in her second trimester.
AN 87-year-old man was found dead in the backyard of a Gladstone Park home yesterday, three days after going missing from a nearby nursing home.
Former Portugal and Benfica great Eusebio was taken to hospital on Saturday in the Polish city of Poznan where he has been watching matches at Euro 2012, the Portuguese Football Federation said in a statement.
Perth siege ends with gunman's death Updated: 00:23, Friday January 4, 2013 A siege in Perth's southern suburbs has ended with the death of the gunman.
In his Sunday OpEd piece, ``Obama needs support of Jewish voters,'' Lynn University professor Robert Watson suggests that Barak Obama would be a champion for Israel.
Enlarge image US Automakers Seen Losing Market Share Amid 2012 Growth
Sun-Times Media Group Inc., which publishes newspapers in the Chicago area, filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
A Highland pensioner was given a ``terrible fright'' when police swooped on her home, mistaking her tomato plants for cannabis.
IBM today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for IBM to acquire Unica in a cash transaction at a price of $21 per share, or at a net price of approximately $480 million, after adjusting for cash.
He's a bit like the boy who cried wolf, in the sense that he is constantly shooting his mouth off without regard for the severity or the sensitivity of a given issue.
A special counsel will investigate whether Attorney General John Swallow broke campaign finance laws by failing to disclose his interest in a consulting business caught up in recent bribery allegations, Utah elections officials announced Friday.
Not content with wowing in one hot look, Glee star Lea Michele did two super sharp outfits in one night as she hit the Letterman show in the US.
Nepali Congress Vice President Ram Chandra Poudel on Sunday said that challenges remain for peace and democracy as the Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist is still weaving ``strategic conspiracy''.
Senate and House lawmakers have agreed on how much tax revenue the state will collect over the next two years.
Driver in fatality at Conn. casino had tickets A Massachusetts man who state police say was driving a bus that struck and killed a Mohegan Sun casino employee had earlier received driving citations.
Yet another arrest warrant has been issued for a former inmate from the Nebraska Center for Women for failing to appear in court for resentencing after she violated her probation.
Postal delivery group PostNL said on Monday it expects to deliver some 160 million Christmas cards over the holiday period.
Former President Bill Clinton will speak at DePauw University in Greencastle on Friday, Nov. 18.
Asure Software, a leading provider of workforce management software, today announced financial results for the 2009 fiscal second quarter, ended January 31, 2009.
A 20-year-old Fort Collins man pleaded guilty Tuesday to felony menacing for his role in an alleged December kidnapping and attempted murder where police say one of the man's co-defendants tried to slit the throat of Michael Whiteis.
The US House censured Democratic Representative Charles Rangel of New York for ethics violations, including soliciting donations for an academic center bearing his name and failing to fully pay his income taxes.
German business confidence unexpectedly increased for a fourth month in August to a fresh three-year high, suggesting the economy may not lose as much momentum as some economists forecast.
Iowa nine-piece Slipknot have posted their new single ``Psychosocial'' online at thier guitarist Mick Thomson's Myspace.
SEATTLE - Retired Army Gen. John Shalikashvili, an immigrant who rose to the top job in the Pentagon where he advised President Bill Clinton over military involvement around the world, has died at age 75, the Army said in a statement.
Pace bowler Graham Onions has been called into the England squad for the fourth Test against India as cover for James Anderson and Chris Tremlett.
Yes, I am still a bachcha for a senior leader like Rajnath Singh.
BL reported that the 6 member independent committee on big hydro projects has said that the 280 MW Panang hydro electric project will completely and permanently destroy the environment of Dzongu in North Sikkim.
a Russian punk band and feminist collective that mocked Russian president Vladamir Putin during a ``punk prayer'' in a Moscow cathedral--have been found guilty of hooliganism driven by religious hatred and offending religious believers a judge ruled.
Melrose announced that it had agreed to sell its FKI Logistex subsidiary to Intelligrated Inc for US$40 million in cash.
Story: 73572 Alaska polar bears are losing their fur and US Geological Survey scientists don't know why.
Dubai, Nov 14 Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express Hotels is planning to open 38 new hotels across the Middle East and India in the next five years, a senior company official said.
Kevin Keegan has made a dramatic return to Newcastle after being appointed as the Premier League club's new manager yesterday.
After Carwyn Jones emerged victorious in the Labour leadership contest last night, David Williamson looks at the man who will lead Wales...
From small TV roles, to Broadway and film, the great Mexican-American actor Edward James Olmos has graced us with his talents for over 30 years, and yesterday he celebrated his 66th birthday.
Permalink Stephen Amell has been cast as the Green Arrow in The CW's comic book adaptation, Arrow, according to Deadline.
Severe thunderstorm warning for southern Kent County and northern Sussex County until 4:15 pm, National Weather Service says.
Heavy D was trying to lose weight before his death, running every day and going to several LA gyms.
The South Dakota attorney general is warning businesses about workplace poster scams from companies selling various federal agency postings.
Edmonton dog dragged behind truck racks up veterinary bills, looks for new home.
More shots have been fired in downtown Herkimer after a day-long hunt for a fatal shooting suspect.
``Acting was never a career for me. I was never in the race. Maybe this lack of ambition freed me from pressure. But while directing a film, I have felt the pressure to deliver,'' Nandita told After Hrs.
The national Super 7 lottery will be retired after a 15-year run and replaced with a new game.
A major international report shows more and more Irish families are being pushed into poverty.
Sunil Kumar Roy was appointed the new Police Commissioner of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack on Thursday.
Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, said on Thursday that the merger process by opposition parties was unstoppable.
The media is not to blame for sexualising teenagers, according to study which shows young people are more influenced by factors inside the home.
Eagles tight end Brent Celek underwent successful surgery to repair a sports hernia and a torn labrum in his left hip.
The Eurozone economic recovery is continuing into the new year, but output growth is slowing, new PMI data reveals.
Mobile messaging company, Synchronica is to list its shares on Toronto Stock Exchange as part of the process of acquiring iseemedia Inc.
MGM Mirage, the biggest casino owner on the Las Vegas Strip, will sell shares in its Macao venture with Pansy Ho in the third quarter, Chief Executive Officer Jim Murren said.
Two-time Olympian Johnny Weir has said his new male puppy is very straight, loves women and is ``accurate like a Japanese man.''
Oklahoma State quarterback Zac Robinson has been selected to play in the Senior Bowl football game later this month.
Cristal Global announces today that it is declaring Force Majeure, effective Sunday, September 26, 2010, with respect to all TiO 2 products for coatings applications manufactured at its Ashtabula facility in Ohio, USA.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said he expects a ``big bank'' to reveal plans to repay state aid, following BNP Paribas SA's announcement last week.
Christina Taylor Green was laid to rest today, after a gunman violently ended her life at 9 years of age.
In a heated courtroom hearing in Shanghai Wednesday, Apple defended its right to use the iPad trademark in China.
India would soon have its very own panel on climate change, union Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh announced Thursday and added that the country could not depend only on reports from the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
A tropical wave moving across Hispaniola could become a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours, according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Charlie Daniels said he suffered a mild stroke while snowmobiling in Colorado and has some stiffness and numbness in his left hand and arm.
The Monteray joint venture, of which support services and construction company Carillion is the majority shareholder, has secured a new facilities management contract with BT worth in excess of £500 million.
Mortgage rates fell for the eighth time in nine weeks, a sign that investors are concerned about the weak economy.
A MAN accused of killing a mother in a road crash appeared in court today.
A Brighton pub is due to be demolished in the next four to eight weeks.
Munich Re, the world's biggest reinsurer, said it will continue to provide ``substantial'' capacity to insurers in the January round of renewals as prices in catastrophe-effected areas may rise.
Several real estate agents appeared before the Arnold City Council Thursday to protest a proposal that would require them to pay for a permit to post directional arrows to open houses.
Former state chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, seen as one of the front-runners for the post, met Sonia.
Southern All Stars vocalist Keisuke Kuwata has been diagnosed with early-stage esophagus cancer, his agent, Amuse Inc., said Wednesday.
The 45-year-old son of the late shah of Iran died early this morning inside his South End home after he allegedly shot himself, according to Boston law enforcement officials and a Web posting by his brother.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Jeff Weaver on the 15-day disabled list Thursday and activated left-hander Hong-Chih Kuo.
Rural health clinics in Lake and Mendocino counties will receive $7.5 million to expand and renovate four health centers, Rep. Mike Thompson's office announced.
Iran is filing a lawsuit against Argo, and while director Ben Affleck was snubbed for Best Director at the Academy Awards, hopefully he can at least win this.
Saskatchewan Workers Compensation Board announced Wednesday that the 2012 average employer premium rate will drop by one cent to $1.60 for every $100 of payroll, effective Jan. 1, 2012.
A third-grade Okemos teacher has been named ``Teacher of the Year'' by the Michigan Department of Education.
A woman in her 70s was rescued by neighbors after she fell through the ice of a small pond in Ottawa County.
John Key will be the first New Zealand Prime Minister to address the Australian Parliament, not long after Julia Gillard's historic speech at the Beehive.
WithIt annoucned that it is honoring female professionals in home, furnishings and related industries in a new recognition campaign that launches today at WithIt's Facebook fan page Women to Watch will acknowledge 39 outstanding professionals who have made noteworthy contributions to their industries and communities.
The office manager of the Shenandoah County Department of Social Services was fired Tuesday and is under investigation for what may turn out to be ``substantial'' embezzlement, according to the Sheriff's Office.
Chelsea have appointed Spaniard Rafael Benitez as interim manager at Stamford Bridge until the end of the season.
SHOPPERS will be encouraged not to avoid Ledbury town centre when Top Cross is closed for water main repairs in January.
LONDON - The Bank of England has raised its inflation forecast for this year, suggesting it may be forced to hike lending rates, though risks to economic growth remain high.
An Iranian opposition leader and his wife, living under house arrest for almost two years, have been denied contact with their three daughters.
Vietnam on December 14 won six more gold medals, ranking second in the medal tally after six days of competition at the 25th SEA Games.
In his State of the State address Wednesday, Gov. David Paterson will propose sweeping ethics and campaign-finance reforms, ranging from public financing of campaigns, term limits for state elected officials and a new ethics oversight panel.
CHTA CEO Alec Sanguinetti has said that Caribbean tourism is going through worst period in history.
Wind blew in her face, kicking up flecks of clay, and Maria Sharapova stood at the baseline, knowing she needed one more point to reach her first French Open final and return to No. 1 in the rankings.
Company wide layoffs have hit Reuters.
The European Union called Friday for quick fresh elections in Zimbabwe, after President Robert Mugabe was returned to power in a widely condemned one-man poll last month, AFP informed.
The brother of Ranger Michael Maguire, who was killed on a range in Pembrokeshire, said ``soldiers should not be killed in training, and we hope that lessons are learned army-wide to ensure that an incident like this will not happen again.''
UNCW baseball has added a non-conference game against Davidson to its schedule for this season.
Thousands of Vietnamese living illegally in America now face deportation after the two countries completed an agreement yesterday, a move that sparked worry among immigrant communities.
US budget woes could hurt Asia policy Updated: 19:08, Saturday January 19, 2013 US President Barack Obama wants Asia to be a growing focus of his foreign policy, but as his second terms begins, success could hinge on his ability to manage hot spots elsewhere in the world and avert a fiscal crisis at home.
The new US missile defence plan ``raises more questions than answers,'' Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday, warning that Moscow could still have objections to the revised missile shield.
CONSOL Energy Inc. announced that it has closed its public offering of 44.275 million shares of common stock at $42.50 per share, including 5.775 million shares sold to the underwriters to cover overallotments.
A Romanian plane with 51 people onboard made an emergency landing on its belly in western Romania Saturday, officials said.
Director General of Police Ashok Prasad Sunday said they have inputs that militants were desperate to strike in Srinagar.
Browns WR Joe Jurevicius, LB Antwan Peek and LB David McMillan all underwent post-season knee surgery, while OL Isaac Sowells had shoulder surgery to repair a torn rotator cuff.
Police are investigating the death of a Pampa man after his body was found Wednesday morning.
Filmmaker Tyler Perry is defending his controversial decision to cast reality television star Kim Kardashian in an upcoming film about marriage.
India's cricket legend Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, known for his swashbuckling style on and off the cricket field, died here yesterday after battling a lung infection for about a month.
Sri Lankan air force fighter jets pounded northern rebel positions yesterday as ground troops attacked 35 rebel bunkers, killing at least 10 Tamil Tigers, the military said.
Jesse Ryder, architect of New Zealand's stunning turnaround in the second Test, believes the bowlers have put the Kiwis on top by claiming three Indian wickets which offers them a chance to square the three-match series.
Home sales rallied somewhat in the Sacramento region in August, coming on the heels of a dismal July.
Pakistan began moving thousands of troops to the Indian border Friday, intelligence officials said, sharply raising tensions triggered by the Mumbai terror attacks.
The Honolulu Academy of Arts on Beretania Street will be renamed the Honolulu Museum of Art in March 2012.
Firefighters resuscitated a pet lizard after the heat lamp on the reptile's tank fell and started a fire Wednesday afternoon.
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi is seeking refuge in Arab countries and has sent a message to governments of Egypt, Morocco, Tunisia, and Algeria to receive his family, a Libyan dissident said in remarks published on Friday.
There good news just doubled for a pregnant Celine Dion and her husband Rene Angelil, who has revealed they are expecting twin boys!
Teachers are now receiving record payouts in work accident claims and employment disputes, new figures have revealed.
Nature has a rhythm that puts everything in its place and when it's time for something to die, it dies.
A Penryn woman has spotted a strange animal in her garden which could suggest that the mysterious beast of Swanpool has moved elsewhere.
Callaghan Pump and Controls Inc. of Hackensack, NY was awarded the contract for 4 packaged pump systems located at 1 World Trade Center, the tallest building in the United States.
Authorities say a 150-pound bear has been sighted around Fort Huachuca in Sierra Vista.
Sri Lanka made slow start with scoring only 9 runs in first 5 overs after it won the toss and elected to bat in the World Cup final against India at the Wankhede stadium on Saturday.
The Sports Network Tiger Woods, sporting a mustache and a beard during a press conference before the AT&T National on Tuesday, said he has no timetable for a return to competitive golf.
Screenwriter John Michael Hayes, nominated for an Academy Awards for the classic Alfred Hitchcock film ``Rear Window'' and for ``Peyton Place,'' died of natural causes Wednesday in Hanover, NH He was 89.
Nearly two-thirds of Egyptian men admit to having sexually harassed women in the Arab country, and a majority say women themselves are to blame for their maltreatment, a survey showed on Thursday.
Michelle Wie cruised to victory Sunday at the CN Canadian Women's Open, firing a 2-under 70 to win by three shots at St. Charles Country Club.
A flash flood watch remains in effect for the Rio Grande Valley through this evening.
Veterans and their families gathered at Veteran's Memorial Park to remember the ending of the Vietnam War through a special ceremony and dedication.
Iran arrested hundreds of people after deadly clashes on the tense streets of Tehran, state radio said on Monday, but the opposition defiantly vowed to press on with its post-election protests.
The Russian democratic opposition has released a new political program recommending a new course for the country, and explaining how to get there.
The second most bet on NFL game of the week so far, Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Cleveland Browns betting odds were set at Steelers -6 to -6 ½ across the board despite the Browns actually being slight favorites at some online sports books to win the AFC North division in 2008.
Gillard backs Holden as it cuts jobs Updated: 05:47, Friday February 3, 2012 The federal government has vowed to help Holden however it can, as the car manufacturer plans to slash 100 jobs in South Australia.
Blue Square Premier side Barrow have signed Marine striker Lee McEvilly on a short-term deal.
Phil Oakey has said that he would be interested in recording new music with Martyn Ware in the future.
Forecasters say Hurricane Jimena has strengthened to a powerful Category 3 storm in the Pacific and it could get even stronger in the next day or two.
A disgruntled Younis Khan has resigned as Pakistan cricket captain despite being cleared by a parliamentary sports committee on charges of match-fixing in the Champions Trophy.
Thomson and First Choice are reporting an increase in market share at parent company TUI's half year results.
Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde today said vital clues have been obtained on the recent 'fidayeen' attack in Srinagar in which five CRPF jawans were killed.
Enfield's Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin says a woman who is fighting a brain tumour is an ``inspiration.''
Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. is withdrawing the severe sepsis treatment Xigris from all markets because a recently concluded study showed that it is no longer effective.
Qatar Airways recently celebrated the launch of its 30th European destination with daily scheduled flights to the Croatian capital Zagreb.
A dejected Rahul Dravid blamed poor batting for his team's ordinary show in the ongoing IPL but chose to keep mum on team owner Vijay Mallya's criticism of their team selection decisions.
Alabama has set a voter registration record and the numbers are still growing.
A man was brutally murdered in Kaila Devi town of Karuali district as unknown assailants slit his throat.
Brandy and her professional dance partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy were eliminated from the ``Dancing with the Stars'' semifinals in Los Angeles Tuesday night.
Helen Flanagan has been given sleeping pills to help her cope on 'I'm A Celebrity...
Hawaii health officials on Friday issued a brown water advisory for the island of Kauai.
State controlled Krakatau Steel, Indonesia's largest steelmaker said it was ready to produce more smaller three kilogram gas canisters than the larger 12 kilogram gas canisters, if the government set to direct wider use of smaller canisters ahead of the government's plan to hike gas price after Idul Fitri.
Cadillac wants to improve its customer service in showrooms, so General Motors is getting help from world's one of the top outfits to make customers happy and they are Ritz Carlton.
Uyarnthavan, directed by director-actor Ranjith, is very much likely to hit screens in May.
ATLANTA &mdashZack Peacock hit four straight free throws in the final 16 seconds to help Georgia Tech beat 24th-ranked Clemson 80-75 on Thursday night.
The Cheetahs beat the Hurricanes this week 28-12.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi is not likely to campaign in Bihar as he does not figure in the list of campaigners submitted to the Election Commission by the Bharatiya Janata Party, party sources said Friday.
THIEVES have stolen 150 Christmas trees from a forest park close to the Suffolk/Norfolk border.
Lily Allen is giving fans the chance to have a ``boozy evening'' at her fashion boutique and take home a free handbag.
Redding police plan to run a DUI and driver's license checkpoint Saturday at an undisclosed location within the city limits.
THREE-time champion David Palmer moved into the second round of the British Open squash tournament with a comfortable 11-3 11-5 11-6 victory over Malaysian qualifier Mohd Nafiizwan Adnanhere today.
Patel at a function organised by the US India Business Council on 25 March told reporters that the GPS based navigation system would be in place by next year because by then India would launch its own satellite.
Tottenham ace Jermain Defoe has warned Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney he is after this season's Golden Boot.
Despite laissez faire dress codes in some workplaces, personal appearances of job applicants still count in the recruitment process.
Hilton Worldwide announced today a new mattress recycling program in coordination with the installation of new Serta mattresses and box springs.
Armenian National Football Team has moved 18 spots down in FIFA ranking list in comparison with the results of the previous year.
Flood warnings have been removed from Watford and Bushey this afternoon, after levels of the River Colne began to finally drop.
President Obama must work to end the use of drones, a weapon that kills far too many civilians, fuels the Taliban and al-Qaida, and engenders distrust in the United States' ability to bring stability to the region.
Glenn McGrath is set to succeed compatriot Dennis Lillee as bowling consultant of the MRF Pace Foundation.
Giants coach Tom Coughlin has confirmed that tackle David Diehl has an MCL injury.
Reese Witherspoon could marry her fiance Jim Toth ``within weeks'', according to US Weekly Magazine.
Iranian riot police have clashed with mourners who staged a defiant gathering at a cemetery to commemorate protestors killed in post-election violence last month.
Rayagada, Sep 2 Three persons were arrested today for allegedly trying to extort money from a trader by posing as Maoists in Odisha's naxal-hit Rayagada district, police said.
The Japanese market ended Wednesday's trading session in positive territory, following steep losses in the previous session, as bargain hunting at lower levels lifted the market.
Washington, Feb. 17 Nike has created Jeremy Lin ``Linsanity'' edition shoes for the New York Knicks point guard sensation, a leading sneaker website said.
Russia and China are proposing a treaty to ban weapons in space, the Russian foreign minister said Tuesday.
Two prescribed burns are scheduled to occur in the Ochoco National Forest and in the Crescent Ranger District this week.
The NFL has expanded the number of players invited to the draft April 25-26 in New York to at least 10.
Industrial production grew by 4.6% y/y in October, following a drop of 5.2% the previous month.
An alleged homemade bomb exploded at the compound of an Islamic boarding school or pesantren under construction in Semarang on Thursday, injuring three people.
Woman, 85, killed in WA collision Updated: 12:42, Sunday January 6, 2013 An 85-year-old woman has died after driving into the path of another vehicle at Coolup, 95km south of Perth.
Plucky Taiwanese chipmaker VIA Technologies is suing Apple for patent infringement, alleging that the fruity toymaker nicked some of its ideas and applied them in iPad 2 and iPhone 4 products.
World Fuel Services Corporation today announced that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Paul H. Stebbins , has entered into a pre-arranged, non-discretionary stock trading plan.
Kobe Steel said in its statement that it has already paid JPY 1.13 billion in back taxes and penalties to state coffers.
Since Gov. Dannel P. Malloy first began rolling out his initiatives for the legislative session this year, the big question was where was the money coming from to pay for the roughly $329 million in new spending -- $128 milion of that being his education reform measures.
The 75-year-old Barron man charged in the sexual assault of a patient he was caring for is facing more felony charges.
If all goes as planned, Missouri wide receiver Jared Perry could be back at practice on Dec. 27 and may return for the Texas Bowl against Navy on Dec. 31.
The city reminds residents that new recycling collection schedule is part of the waste and recycling program Joliet initiated this year with Waste Management of Illinois.
The Hawks announced Wednesday they are raising ticket prices an average of 16 percent for season ticket-holders, including the price of the cheapest of ticket from $10 per game to $15 for season plans while others rose from $13.50 to $25, a spike of 85 percent.
At the tail end of their provincial correctional centre sentences, a dozen halfway house residents are brightening up local kids' summers with new bicycles.
Hill+Knowlton Strategies, a wholly owned subsidiary of WPP, announced today that it has acquired Group SJR.
Bikie admits assaults after evidence Updated: 21:44, Monday March 11, 2013 Notorious Perth bikie Troy Mercanti has dramatically admitted beating his former partner over a span of 15 years, after changing his pleas midway through his trial.
A Clayton County police officer has lost his job over the ``Bigfoot'' hoax.
The Nigerian Higher Commissioner to Ghana, Senator Musiliu Obanikor says Ghana is a political heaven in Africa because of the political stability and peace that the country is enjoying.
White Cube, the British art gallery best known for championing the work of Damien Hirst, will open its first overseas branch in Hong Kong.
The Washington Post is reporting that Wizards guard Javaris Crittenton, the other member of the December 21 dispute involving Gilbert Arenas, has been formally charged with illegal gun possession.
Telkomsel, Indonesia's largest mobile operator, has surprised many in the Indonesian industry by calling a creative pitch less than a year after it appointed Leo Burnett as its creative AOR.
A theft investigation is underway in Lexington after a controversial billboard condemning homosexuality and abortion went missing, apparently showing up in a downtown Lexington bar.
As parents take advantage of the VAT amnesty granted by the government on stationary and books until the end of next month, the Education Ministry has stressed that parents of primary school children do not need to purchase text books.
A former Sault Ste. Marie man who now lives in Sudbury pleaded guilty Thursday to sex offences involving a girl, but disagreed with some of the facts the Crown read in court.
Parliament Home > Parliamentary Business > News > Report looks at regional development agencies News home All news by subject News archive Report looks at regional development agencies 13 March 2009 There is broad support for a public body operating between national and local level on economic development issues.
Premium sheepskin footwear and apparel brand EMU Australia appointed Andy Knowles as CEO of Europe to lead the label through the next growth phase after recent success in global footwear markets.
Paris judges have summoned to a court hearing in May the heads of Spanish construction group Sacyr and French bank Calyon over a long-running dispute between Sacyr and French group Eiffage, Le Point magazine reported.
Christine O'Donnell said today she regrets her campaign's iconic ``I'm not a witch'' ad.
Linden Lab, the developer of virtual world Second Life, said it has acquired the iPad game Blocksworld.
The US pipeline regulator said on Thursday that Enbridge Inc can reopen its 6A pipeline that brings Canadian crude to refineries in the Midwest because the company has fixed a leak that spilled oil in Illinois.
The Naples Daily News is hosted a Tweet town hall meeting about health care at its office Wednesday night.
Mahindra and Mahindra Limited, a part of the $6.7 billion Mahindra Group, has overhauled its internal network security.
STERLING fell against the US dollar on Monday, mirroring the euro's drop against the US currency as concerns over the euro zone's huge debt problems continued to concern investors globally.
England look to be heading for defeat on day four of the first Test against Sri Lanka, despite the best efforts of centurion Jonathan Trott.
Monty Python comedy legend John Cleese took a $US5,100 taxi ride from Oslo to Brussels after becoming stranded in Europe's volcanic ash travel crisis, the Norwegian TV2 broadcaster reported on Friday.
Coach shoulder bags have classical integral sensation close to most from the shoulder bags design.This specific selection arranged highlights the chun xia period may be the leisure, style the fantastic combination.Coach shoulder bags may be discovered to get the perfect at this time of year.
Thousands of vocational courses that lead to students ``working hard but getting nowhere'' -- possibly nine in 10 of the total -- are to be dropped from school and college league tables in England under plans outlined by the government.
Ocado is the latest retailer to have suffered an Olympic slowdown as customers swapped online grocery shopping for watching our athletes go for gold.
THE Millennium Stadium pitch is to be re-laid just in time for Wales' four autumn internationals after a parasite was found in the grass.
Scotland freed the terminally ill Lockerbie bomber on compassionate grounds today, allowing him to die at home in Libya despite American protests that mercy should not be shown to the man responsible for the deaths of 270 people.
Police have released the name of the homicide victim found Friday evening in a Sioux Falls alley.
Britain culls badgers to save cattle Updated: 07:09, Thursday February 28, 2013 Britain is set to cull up to 5,000 badgers in a bid to combat tuberculosis in cattle which has outraged animal welfare groups, after two pilot schemes were given the green light.
Over the past week the Chinese domestic common alloys market strengthened again, following the softening trend observed in the previous week.
ANGLIAN Water has been fined £75,000 and ordered to pay costs of £10,459 for allowing sewage effluent from its Letchworth Sewage Treatment Works to pollute the Pix Brook killing at least 2,679 fish.
But when i came cross what was written by HASSAN BIN TALIB in ``Wait for Next Election, Anwar'', i was quite delighted to see that at least there's still someone who is still thinking rationally in Malaysia.
The Penn State board of trustees fired Paterno as football coach earlier Wednesday.
Rubio, a darling of the tea party movement, told a wildly enthusiastic, overlfowing crowd that Pennsylvania is in play in Tuesday's election.
Tamil superstar Rajnikanth turned 62 today as his fans organised special prayers and various welfare activities to mark the birthday of their thalaivar.
Wine retailer Oddbins is set to go into administration after failing to reach a deal with its creditors.
Kenny Chesney's duet with Grace Potter, ``You and Tequila,'' helped him pick up a leading six ACM nominations, including entertainer of the year.
The Vancouver Canucks today announced they have recalled right winger Jannik Hansen from the Manitoba Moose.
Mason City police said an 83-year-old woman was critically burned when her robe caught on fire while she was apparently trying to put out a cooking fire.
Australian ISP and communications provider Exetel has connected its first customer to the Optus mobile network.
The application process for finding a new Superintendent for the Clear Fork Schools is winding down.
The long summer break is expected to cost UK parents £8.6 billion this year, according to a new study from LV=.
Railways Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal launched Wi-Fi- facility as a pilot project on Howrah Rajdhani Express (train no.
A 57-year-old Bronx woman was rescued from New York Harbor after she jumped off the Lady Liberty, a Statue of Liberty ferry owned by Statue Cruises, on Aug. 14, 2011.
30 Jul, 11:55 - Kaiser Chiefs star Ricky Wilson has broken a rib at a gig in New York's Madison Square Garden.
Jonathan Rea says he is happy to be back in the winners' circle after winning at the third round of the World Superbike championship in Holland.
Ethiopian Airlines made its maiden flight to Toronto this week landing at Pearson International Airport.
German business confidence fell to the lowest level in more than 26 years in March, adding to signs that the recession is deepening.
Derby defender Jake Buxton will undergo minor back surgery in a bid to put the last seven months of injury problems behind him.
Four boaters from Miami who were missing since Thursday were found by the US Coast Guard Saturday morning off the coast of St. Lucie County, according to the news release from the Coast Guard.
Adelaide United coach Aurelio Vidmar has escaped serious penalty from A-League authorities for his extraordinary post-match outburst in which he slammed his own club.
Hugh Grant and Liz Hurley win their privacy case against two photo agencies.Britain's High Court says The Big Pictures and Eliot Press Sarl agencies apologized Thursday for using a long lens to violate the trio's privacy while they were at an island resort in October.
Arrest warrants have been issued for actor Randy Quaid and his wife after they failed to appear for a court hearing, a prosecutor said on Tuesday.
Danny Granger did some shooting on Friday, but said he still expects to miss approximately 10 more days.
Harry Connick Jr. says he did the right thing by expressing his outrage at a blackface skit poking fun at the Jackson Five in Australia last week.
A reality TV starlet accused of burglarizing Orlando Bloom's house has pleaded no contest to felony burglary.
Salwa Amin, 'Buckwild' MTV reality show cast member, arrested on drug charge A cast member of the MTV reality show ``Buckwild'' is facing a drug charge in West Virginia.
Jack Alderman was set to be executed Tuesday however, Monday a judge granted a stay of execution.
Just before 1:30 pm today, Alex Cinotti, Assistant Director for East Shore District Health Department learned that Branford Point beach swimming area could be re-opened to swimmers after tests came back showing the bacteria levels had decreased to a safe, acceptable level.
United Airlines said today it will lay off 414 mechanics at its San Francisco maintenance base.
State Sen. Jeff Hayden of Minneapolis has been named deputy leader of the state Senate's DFL majority caucus, which will take control of the body when the Legislature convenes in January.
Nike has launched the 'Parallel Journeys' TV campaign which celebrates the millions of young cricket athletes in India who relentlessly pursue perfection in the sport, no matter where they are or on what field they play.
The Sabbathday Lake Shaker Village, Route 26, New Gloucester, ME, will open for the 2010 season on Friday, May 28th at 10 AM.
AP Sports Writer More NFL players are testing positive for amphetamines, a class of substances that includes the ADHD drug Adderall.
John McCain is set to appear on ``Saturday Night Live'' just three days before the presidential election.
Rumours are rife that pop diva Madonna's ex-husband Guy Ritchie and Jemima Khan are seeing each other.
Lockheed Martin, the world's biggest defense company, reported a drop in first-quarter profits and reduced its full-year earnings estimates as it absorbed the tax implications of President Barack Obama's healthcare reform legislation.
First Lady Jenny Sanford announced Friday that she is filing for divorce from her husband, Governor Mark Sanford.
Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik conceded on Monday that Sri Lanka will have a slight edge over the home team in a three-match One-day International series beginning at the National Stadium here Tuesday.
A Baldwin hunter found dead under a tree stand in the woods has been identified.
Third-seeded Mona Barthel of Germany advanced to the Bell Challenge semifinals Friday, beating sixth-seeded Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-3, 6-4.
Peru plans to double its textile and apparel exports by 2017 and invest over $60m to promote its key designer brands in international markets.
New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter passed Cal Ripken Jr. into 13th place on the all-time hits list Friday night in a game against the White Sox.
Spain's Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said the current Spanish EU presidency ``will engage to improve EU's relations with Israel''.
A production crew was at Greenbrier Valley Mall Thursday to film a local security company's audition for a television series.
He'll be watching Martin Biron from the bench tonight, and Henrik Lundqvist, who was wearing his Crown Collection baseball hat this morning in the locker room, said he hoped to ``try and relax and enjoy'' the upcoming All-Star festivities in Ottawa.
Kurdish militants have threatened to strike back in cities inside Turkey unless the offensive by Turkish troops in northern Iraq is halted.
Avery Johnson said he has agreed to become the coach of the New Jersey Nets, the NBA's worst team.
THE town of Mountmellick was gripped with fear on Sunday morning with rumours doing the rounds that a local business man had been shot dead the previous night.
The late Betty Shabazz, wife of Malcolm X, had a street renamed after her in Washington Heights Saturday.
Former ministers are to give a news conference at the National Assembly on Wednesday at 11 am
A man is in a serious condition after being stabbed in the chest at a party on Victoria's Mornington Peninsula.
I heard the line ``it's all about the faces'' from someone in the past few weeks.
A Christmas party at a hotel ended in tragedy at the weekend after a young woman was found dead at the bottom of a fire escape stairwell.
WELSH MPs are tonight calling for Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt to be sacked, saying his position was ``untenable'' amid claims he colluded with Rupert Murdoch's empire in a bid to prevent a public inquiry into phone hacking.
Good news from a pair of blue-chip American companies and signals that the European Union may step in with aid for debt-addled Greece helped Wall Street bounce back Tuesday morning.
Several Rio Grande Valley cities are taking legal action against cable giant Time Warner Cable.
Sunbathers and the general population in Britain have been advised to apply sunscreen before leaving their house with the meteorological department predicting that Saturday will be the hottest day of the year.
Shisha smoking being the root cause of impotency in men in the Middle East.
The 2011 Masters pairings and tee times have been announced for the opening two rounds.
Regional airline Aer Arann is to create 50 jobs in Dublin over the next 12 months for engineering and support staff, and flight and cabin crew, as the first of eight new aircraft in its fleet began operations.
Santos kept the pressure on Absa Premiership leaders SuperSport United as they cruised to a 4-0 win over Maritzburg United at the Coetzenburg Stadium on Saturday where Pikolethu Spelman and Ryan Chapman each netted twice.
A Jackson woman died Friday in a four-vehicle wreck on US 43 in Clarke County, police said today.
England look the real deal and may beat India 4-0, taking the No.1 ranking in the process, Sky Sports cricket commentator David Lloyd says.
Field Fisher Waterhouse has recovered compensation for a 33 year old man in South London who was left with brain injuries following a serious fall on a poorly maintained road.
Synnex, one of the largest distribution companies in Australia, today announced that it has appointed Tony Ignatavicius as senior manager, national commercial sales.
Finnish mobile handset major Nokia will fund four Indian software developers under its $10-million joint open screen project fund with Adobe for developing multi-screen infotainment applications, a company official said Monday.
Miami Dolphins released the 2009 schedule and kick off tonight at Land Shark Stadium against Jacksonville.
Adam Levine already took to Twitter to defend his ``I hate this country'' comment on ``The Voice'' by defining the words ``misunderstand,'' ``lighthearted,'' ``humorless'' and ``joke,'' but apparently that didn't clarify his stance on the situation clearly enough.
She skipped the UK premiere of On The Road last month, and she's apparently suffering a bout of insomnia ahead of representing the movie in Canada.
Sepp Blatter was re-elected unopposed as Fifa president, promising to use his final term to radically reform football's ailing world governing body.
Nicaragua waits on Thursday for a vote recount, authorized by the election council in Managua to avert violence in the nation after regional elections held on Sunday.
Harry Kewell is the latest high-profile athlete to drop his daks, as the Socceroos and Galatasaray star launches his underwear range.
Wells Fargo on Thursday lifted hopes for the stricken banking sector by announcing that it would report record first-quarter profits of $3bn later this month.
Peñalosa, the reigning WBO bantamweight champion, will summon all his strength and force JuanMa to go the distance when they clash at the Coliseo Ruben Rodriguez, in Bayamon.
FORMER Tavistock College student Olly White completed a 56-mile swim last week across the Irish sea for charity.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers using 3G HSPA has increased by 850% worldwide in the past year, according to the GSM Association.
Six days and a slow start later, Usain Bolt finally won gold at the world championships, running the fourth-fastest 200 meters in history to back up his showmanship with a stunning performance.
Singer-turned-fashionista Lily Allen has reportedly asked Miquita Oliver to be head bridesmaid when she marries Sam Cooper.
A woman claims Decatur police went too far when they frisked her during a traffic stop.
Cardinals ace Chris Carpenter is throwing again and feeling good as he works his way back from Tommy John surgery.
New President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari said that the 'president will be subservient to the Parliament''.
An elderly woman was shot dead in Novaliches, Quezon City on Wednesday night.
With the series already under their belt, a confident India will look to continue their dominating run and complete a 4-1 drubbing over an inconsistent Sri Lanka in the final one-dayer here on Saturday.
A BBC weatherman actually apologized on air Sunday afternoon for an incorrect forecast.
The Department of National Defence says a Canadian soldier has died during a training program in Mali in a non-combat related incident.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has expressed regret over the imprisonment of Ali Akbar Javanfekr, the director of the Islamic Republic News Agency and the president's advisor in media affairs, who was arrested on Wednesday, MNA reported.
Senheng Electric Sdn Bhd, a leading electrical chain store operator, plans to open 100 new outlets nationwide this year.
Diva Universal will replace Hallmark Channel reaching more than 20 million viewers across 21 Asian countries.
Everton beat Manchester United by 3-1 in the English Premier League clash at Goodison Park today.
Severn Trent Water will be fined a record £36million for deliberating lying about its customer data and providing a poor service, Ofwat has confirmed.
Orillia residents are all invited to a charrette on Tuesday, whether they know what the word means or not.
Delphi, a US company specialized in automobile electronics, is to recruit 3.441 Moroccans for their two factories in the city of Tanger, northern Morocco.
Phoenix Coyotes center Olli Jokinen will be sidelined for at least two weeks by a shoulder injury, ending his consecutive games streak at 397.
A Fayette man was beaten, kidnapped and transported out of state after being robbed earlier this week.
More than 100 Orlando intersections are without power and traffic signals are not working after a severe thunderstorm swept through the area.
Georgia is recalling its ambassador to Russia for consultations over the issue of Russian fighter jets entering Georgian airspace.
HENRIETTA KNIGHT, who famously saddled Best Mate to win three consecutive Cheltenham Gold Cups, has announced her retirement.
Gap said Tuesday it plans to open stores in both Vietnam and Guam as part of the retailer's efforts to ramp up overseas expansion.
Nutritionists are giving ``dangerous'' advice to patients suffering from illnesses including cancer, according to a Which?
The family-owned Koplan's Home Furnishings here is closing after 50 years in business, another victim of the economic turmoil and crashing housing market.
Washington, DC - Washington Wizards forward Antawn Jamison will miss the remainder of the preseason due to a right shoulder injury.
The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul, Mary J. Blige, took time out of her busy schedule to celebrate the release of her 10th album My Life II in Atlantic City, NJ.
New York indie band TV On The Radio will take a year off to concentrate on other projects following their mammoth world tour.
The former Spice Girls singer Mel B is considering moving to Australia following a recent visit to Sydney.
S. & P. lowers its ratings in nation's one of the most significant financial institutions, from major trading clearinghouses to mortgage giants like the Federal National Mortgage Association which depends on the government heavily.
Housing permits and starts both tumbled to record lows in December, according to a government report released Thursday.
Political Reporter Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and dozens of south suburban mayors and elected officials endorsed Gov. Pat Quinn Friday, noting Quinn's strong support for Jackson's signature issue -- building an airport in far south suburban Peotone.
Robert Pattinson believes that elephants are like 'full-on method actors' who improvise on set.
7,614 women were arrested for vice-related activities last year, 2,567 more than the total number nabbed in 2008.
Wednesday saw stock futures increase for the third consecutive day at the stock exchange following optimism on a positive result at the Greek parliament.
Nirmal Bang says that the rupee is likely to open weak but we expect it to recover some ground taking cues from the strength in Asian currencies, in its report dated January 28, 2010.
Villarreal coach Manuel Pellegrini explained to the press that he doesn't want to get dramatic over his team's dip in form in recent weeks.
Malaysian police on Saturday arrested dozens of demonstrators in an attempt to disperse a mass street protest against draconian internal security laws.
Barack Obama is under pressure to publicly extend US protection to blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng who took refuge in America's embassy in Beijing, as White House aides stressed they would need to ``balance'' human rights and relations with China.
``A general can make PML-N or form political alliance like Islami Jamhoori Ithehad but he can't bring tsunami,'' says PTI Chief Imran Khan.
World oil prices climbed past the $85 a barrel mark in Asian trade Monday on signs of increase in energy demand.
House prices have recorded their biggest ``spring bounce'' in eight years, fuelling hopes that the property market will be more robust in 2012 than last year, the Rightmove house price index shows.
Competition watchdog CCI has approved the proposed merger of Mahindra Satyam and other companies with Tech Mahindra, creating a $ 2.4-billion entity.
One hiker died on Mount Rainier and two others were awaiting rescue today at Camp Muir, high on the volcano's flank, officials at the national park said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said at a four-way summit meeting on Thursday that a new round of indirect peace talks with Israel was postponed.
Real Madrid has signed Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart, making him the Spanish champion's fifth Dutch player.
AbitibiBowater, which has shuttered operations in northern BC, has entered bankruptcy proceedings in Canada and the US, with a plan to file for creditor protection in Canada Friday.
Darren Clarke failed to make the cut at the Irish Open on Friday, two weeks after he won the British Open for his first major title
Recently, online game publisher Bethesda Softworks suffered cyber-attack from the Lulz Sec, the group that has claimed responsibility for a series of high profile attacks including those on US Senate and Sony Pictures.
MDMK leader Vaiko demanded on Monday that India boycott the London Olympics if the organisers did not cancel the sponsorship contract with Dow Chemicals, which has links to Union Carbide - the company responsible for the Bhopal gas disaster in 1984.
Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard has made a successful return to action in a reserves match after three months out.
Mick Jagger will perform live on the upcoming Grammy Awards, organizers announced Thursday.
Troy Hambrick, a former running back with the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals, was sentenced to five years in federal prison Tuesday for selling crack cocaine to an undercover informant.
Mila Kunis says she will not be starring in the big screen adaptation of The Fifty Shades of Grey.
A Wisconsin man has grown a massive pumpkin that tips the scales at 1,810.5 pounds and is a possible world record.
The average net January salary in Macedonia this year ran to MKD 19,616 /MKD 61 = EUR 1/ and is 26.1% higher than the January salary in 2008, State Statistical Institute says, cited by Macedonian Sitel television.
Riverside used a first inning two-run homer from Grady Gieger and a third inning three-run blast from Tate Scioneaux to overwhelm Haynes on Friday afternoon.
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith vowed today to ``turn the tables'' on troublemakers, urging police to crack down on individuals who ignore warnings over their anti-social behaviour.
Global food prices hit a record high in December, topping the levels seen during the 2007-08 crisis, the United Nations' Food and Agricultural Organisation said on Wednesday.
Globecomm Systems, a provider of satellite-based communications infrastructure solutions and services, has appointed Tom Coyle as its new senior vice president and general manager.
It is believed that Peterborough United are preparing to report Gianni Paladini to the Football League for allegedly making an illegal approach for manager Darren Ferguson on behalf of Nottingham Forest.
The UK economy grew by 1.1% in Q2 2010 jumping by 0.8% from Q1, reports the Office of National Statistics.
The accounting firm Ernst and Young LLP will add 500 jobs in Chicago by the middle of next year.
Moscow, April 23 Peru will buy eight Russian helicopters to use them in anti-drug operations, Peru's Defence Minister Rafael Rey has said.
US actress Angelina Jolie, seen here in the Dominican Republic on February 8, is due to arrive in quake-struck Haiti on Tuesday, the UN refugee agency said, a day after she visited Haitian children being treated in the neighbouring Dominican Republic.
The Board of Directors of The Coca-Cola Company on October 22 declared a regular quarterly dividend of 41 cents per common share.
Plant vs. Zombies and Bejeweled 2 are now available on Barnes & Nobles' Nook HD and Nook HD+ devices.
AngloPlatinum, the world's largest producer of the metal, said on Feb. 8 it would shed 10,000 jobs this year, or about 13% of its workforce, to cope with lower prices and sagging demand from automakers.
Dreier, who represented Claremont and La Verne in the 26th Congressional District, will be knighted by the Republic of San Marino.
Companies are marketing $4.22 billion of debt in the US as default rates for high-yield, high-risk US borrowers slide.
Ecuador has granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange because it believes he will be politically persecuted if extradited, Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patiño announced Thursday.
The Home Secretary has told LBC 97.3 she is introduicng new measures to stop the Olympics being disrupted by encampments like the one at St Paul's Cathedral.
Iran's Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi says Iran is ready to solve the ongoing crisis in Yemen.
Essendon stormed home to beat Collingwood by 46 points in the AFL Anzac Day blockbuster at the MCG.
The prosecution rested Thursday in David Gundersen's trial, finishing off with former Blue Lake City Manager Duane Rigge.
Lazio manager, Edy Reja, is looking forward to his team's UEFA Europa League game against Atletico Madrid, and is targeting Champions League qualification for the next season.
No major damage or injuries have been reported after an earthquake was felt across the Susquehanna Valley around 2 pm Tuesday.
Recent studies show that this personality stays with them for life.
Spectators are strongly advised not to drive private cars to Olympic Games venues as there will be no parking for them, said the Beijing Traffic Management Bureau.
The Republican elections commissioner for Oneida County is refusing to step down and calling the request from her party's chairman that she resign political harassment.
Consultants hired by the state to conduct a $70,000 five-year strategic plan for tourism development in the state presented early findings in a public session Thursday, suggesting among other things that Rhode Island does not spend enough money to establish a welcoming image for tourists from out of state.
Mick Aston, the archaeologist, has quit Time Team after producers hired a former model as the programme's co-presenter.
A town of Watertown man is accused of patronizing a prostitute at a motel, according to the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
BC-Ports-Product Safety,0207 US consumer protection agency to inspect products at ports Eds:
Russell Brand reportedly took a homeless man off the street and into his Los Angeles home.
US President George W. Bush arrived in Kuwait on Friday on the first stop of a four-nation tour of oil-rich Gulf Arab allies.
The New Orleans Hornets announced today that they have signed free agent forward/center Sean Marks.
Michael Keaton has reportedly signed on to appear in DreamWorks' new project ``Need for Speed.''
She says she can't help ``feeling like a hypocrite'' after swearing she'd never sign on as the ``Bachelorette.''
Singer Miley Cyrus hangs out with friends in Los Angeles, CA on May 1, 2010 after which the Disney starlet hit Madeos for dinner.
Maybe they should be calling the Ponds ``the couple who die and die again'' -- an interesting point of view has been put forward to this writer by Twitter user @smiddlehurst.
In a challenging economic environment where fuel prices continue to be volatile and are more than 50 percent higher than last year, United is increasing the service fee to check a second bag on a domestic flight from $25 to $50 one way.
A marine and a solider -- both from Naperville -- were reportedly killed overseas
EXMOUTH charity shop Scope is appealing for volunteers to help raise funds for its work with disabled people.
A House panel Wednesday voted to cite former top White House aide Karl Rove for contempt of Congress as its Senate counterpart publicly pursued possible punishments for an array of alleged past and present Bush administration misdeeds.
LONDON Scientists studying rats have found both male and female newborns have an innate sense of direction before they've even begun to move around, and this is likely to be the same for all animals -- including humans.
Greece has averted default by tapping into a multi-billion-euro EU loan rescue as unions geared up for a new general strike and official figures showed a strong rise in government debt.
Labour is criticising Inland Revenue, as official figures show property investors owe more than $200 million in tax.
Fitch has downgraded Jamaica to RD from CCC after the sovereign's closed its domestic debt exchange.
About $3,600 in cash was taken from a Langdon, ND, liquor store during an early Friday burglary, the Cavalier County Sheriff's Department reported.
The Saturday Evening Post nine hand painted porcelain houses and buildings new in original boxes which have some wear.
The European Union is appalled by the humanitarian catastrophe in the north of Sri Lanka and said there is an immediate and urgent need to act, to save lives and prevent further human tragedy.
An inmate in the Clinton Correctional facility was sentenced on tax fraud charges and investigators say he pulled it off while in prison.
Another cyclonic ring has formed in the north of Bay of Bengal off the Odisha coast.
The Bristol County Board of Commissioners meeting scheduled for Tuesday afternoon was canceled because two of the commissioners couldn't attend, according to Bristol County Administrator Jaye Cioper.
Official figures show that American bought slightly more new homes in October, but the median sales price fell to its lowest level this year.
All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams announced Monday he will quit the world champion New Zealand team to play in Japan, then return to his old stomping ground, Australian rugby league.
Scientists have insisted that the so-called '27 club', which is made up of musicians who have all died at the age of 27, is a myth.
``I am not aware that parties continue agitation before the official start of the pre-election campaign,'' Akylbek Sariev, the Chairman of the Central Commission for Elections and Referendums of Kyrgyzstan, stated at a press conference.
Camden Property Trust /quotes/zigman/130204/quotes/nls/cpt CPT +0.31% today announced the closing of an amended and restated $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility.
Hollywood star Jeremy London was kidnapped at gunpoint and forced to smoke drugs.
About 8,000 teachers in the city have not yet received honorarium for the Census 2011 work they did last year.
Authorities tell News 8 a suspicious device found in a North Texas neighborhood did contain explosives.
Burr Ridge police have charged a Romeoville woman with drug possession, allegedly for having what police said was heroin.
Swedish explorer, Beowulf Mining is encouraged by the first complete assay results for 15 holes drilled as part of the drilling programme on its wholly-owned Kallak Iron Ore deposit.
Six members of a family were burnt alive when their hut caught fire at Banaldih Tola in Rangamatia village in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district late Saturday night, police said.
James led the Heat to their second straight NBA title, scoring 37 points and grabbing 12 rebounds in a 95-88 victory Thursday night in a tense Game 7 of the NBA Finals that lived up to its billing.
Cuomo holds 'summit' to boost beer, wine in NY State regulators, farmers and orchard growers are heading to Albany for New York's wine and beer ``summit.''
Metro police are investigating a body that was found in a vacant lot Saturday.
A man was found fatally shot in Richmond Friday night, according to police Lt. Johan Simon.
Music industry veteran James Stroud will bring country music to China and launch an international music and entertainment exchange program this year.
Dubai property regulators are considering cancelling 27 projects to stem the slump in the real estate sector.
The company reports that in an October survey, Apple's iOS and Android were tied for ``most desired'' operating system'' when mobile users who planned to upgrade to a smartphone in the next year were asked about their next phone.
Tilda Swinton is sleeping in a glass box for an art performance at a New York museum.
Things will be different for Pete Carroll in Seattle compared to coaching at USC.
Deledio hurts hammy Updated: 17:39, Saturday February 11, 2012 Richmond insist midfielder Brett Deledio should be available for the tail-end of the AFL pre-season competition despite an injury scare.
Professionals such as teaching staff are never too old to try working abroad, according to Shelter Offshore.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency announced Wednesday that it is rolling out a plan to waive debts for many victims of Hurricane Katrina and other disasters who may have mistakenly received millions of dollars in aid.
Lucknow, Nov 5 Turned away by a community health centre, a pregnant woman gave birth on the roadside in Uttar Pradesh, officials said Wednesday.
NEW YORK -America's got Nick Cannon as the new host of ``America's Got Talent,'' says NBC.
The Kremlin will call for a new international currency at the upcoming G20 economic summit.
The final focus in the It`s Going to be a Big Season For... series concentrates on an area of the pitch subject to intense scrutiny for Arsenal.
ADAM Lambert wants to have a ``torrid affair'' -- because he's too busy to commit to a proper relationship!
Phoenix not only opens the regular season in San Antonio -- against the Spurs team that ended their season for the third time in the last four years last April -- but the Grinches will be at US Airways Center for a Christmas Day matinee, Phoenix's first home game on Christmas since 1996.
``The Social Network'' star Jesse Eisenberg refuses to read stories about himself in the press - because he loses sleep even when critics praise him.
Actor DAX SHEPARD has paid tribute to his late father in a touching blog post detailing their last days together before he lost his cancer fight.
``...Our victory was won cleanly and fairly, and that justice will be served and cannot come to any other conclusion than acknowledging the very transparent, free and fair victory that we won at the elections and so I'd ask you while the Court case continues, to continue to strengthen the base of the party''.
A Texas man was charged Tuesday in a fatal Boone County crash earlier this month.
Ancient fiberart technique to be discussed An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety.
Wedding Photographer Carrie Evans joins us to talk what you can expect from your wedding photographer and the engagement session.
Detroit Tigers star Miguel Cabrera was arrested late Wednesday on suspicion of drunken driving in Florida, leaving teammates concerned about the slugging first baseman less than a week into spring training.
Frank Ocean has told The Guardian that he ``might not make another album,'' following the release of his Grammy-nominated debut 'Channel Orange'.
The water will be rising in the Wahpeton area later this week because of the drawdowns on Lake Traverse.
New Delhi, Feb 18 Delhi saw a chilly Monday with clear skies.
Rumors that Amy Bruni has been fired from ``Ghost Hunters'' have been circulating on the Internet recently.
Pakistan ready for flag meeting after firing For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/live-video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
The Chicago Tribune is reporting that Nadya Suleman is very close to signing a deal for a reality show for her and her 14 children.
British hopefuls found out their first round Wimbledon matches earlier today as the All England Club gears up for a fortnight of tennis.
An impasse in contract negotiations between Allan Hancock College and the union representing its full-time faculty members has ended, but the issue that stalled the talks were left unresolved.
The Australian market ended in negative territory on Thursday on concerns that Chinese Government is considering curbs on over-capacity in industries.
Oscar-nominated production designer J. Michael Riva, who worked on films including A Few Good Men and The Amazing Spider-man, has died at the age of 63.
A two-alarm fire caused by a heating blanket evacuated a South Austin senior living housing complex early Monday morning.
Johnny Depp has reportedly bought an £8.5 million home in Venice because he loved the city so much when he filmed there with Angelina Jolie last year.
Air France-KLM says it returned to profit in its latest fiscal year as the rebounding global economy lifted traffic and helped offset a 1 billion rise in its fuel costs.
Ukraine is slipping towards a disaster as its politicians concentrate more on scoring points against each other than acting to halt the economic collapse in slow motion.
Mechanical issues forced a Calgary-bound Air Canada flight to divert to Winnipeg Wednesday morning, the Winnipeg Airports Authority says.
Oil falls on economic data Updated: 07:39, Thursday May 2, 2013 Oil prices have sunk on fresh signs of economic weakness in the United States and China and after a US inventory report showed crude stocks at their highest point in more than 30 years.
In an effort to meet the needs of its customers, Discountmugs.com announced today that it will carry new promotional products in one to three months.
10 Jul, 18:09 - Akshaye Khanna has admitted that he doesn't believe in marriage and won't be getting wed this year.
Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli has certified abortion clinic regulations that were altered earlier this month at his urging to include strict building standards.
In a statement posted at the Philippine Sock Exchange website on Tuesday, Splash said its earnings rose 500 percent to P144 million from P23.737 million in 2009.
Foreign students living in Australia are in danger of being exploited by ''unscrupulous employers'', Australia's workplace watchdog says.
Nomura is raising up to Y410bn in new capital by issuing subordinated bonds and subordinated convertible bonds, in a bid to strengthen its international operations.
The Australian stock market was trading lower on Monday, after Wall Street extended its string of losses with a triple-digit loss on Friday.
A man was robbed as he was leaving a Greensboro restaurant on Sunday night.
Gemalto says it has expanded the activities of its Swedish personalisation centre to include payment cards.
President Barack Obama offered a warm Oval Office welcome to Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping, who is widely seen as the next leader of his country, but warned that as it grows in stature China must recognise it has increased responsibilities to the rest of the world.
Nariman is the son of former additional solicitor general of India Fali S Nariman who in 1975 resigned from his post protesting the imposition of a constitutional emergency by then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
A MOTORIST who refused to move his car which obstructed a pedestrian crossing in Worcester ended up with a suspended jail sentence and a bill for nearly £600.
An eight-month pregnant woman who thwarted a jeepney robbery after jumping off a moving passenger jeepney Monday has died.
HITCHIN first XI got off to a poor start in Division One as they fell to an eight wicket defeat against Knebworth Park.
A man sitting inside his west Charlotte home was injured during an apparent drive-by shooting Monday night.
NEWLY appointed Environment Secretary Ramon Paje vowed to work for clean air and water, strengthen the country's forest protection and make idle lands productive.
General Motors in the US has filed for bankruptcy protection this morning in a deal that will give American taxpayers a 60-per-cent ownership stake.
27 militants including two local commanders Naeem and Tooti Khan were apprehended and huge quantity of arms and ammunition were also recovered which include grenades, Kalashnikov, rifles, pistols, Motorola communication equipment and rounds of different caliber.
Against Me! have announced that they will join Foo Fighters on their upcoming North American tour.
Governor Lingle delivered her eighth and final State of the State Address to the people of Hawai'i this morning.
Munster coach Tony McGahan will leave the twice Heineken Cup winners at the end of the season after four years in charge.
Chris Christie will head to Hammonton Tuesday afternoon for his next town hall.
The chairman of Sindh Taraqi Pasand Party, Dr. Qadir Magsi has said that without the reinstatement of deposed chief justice, Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, the independent judiciary can not be restored.
You can watch the speech here and judge for yourself, but we were struck by one line that the Drudge Report has been highlighting, in which Obama said, ``We don't need to build more highways out in the suburbs ...''
First quarter crime figures for 2009/2010 released by the Home Office today reveal that crime in South Wales has fallen by 8% compared to the same period last year.
We think Jim Miller deserves a title shot, but why doesn't he feel he's worthy?
President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday recalling repeated suspension of Constitution by ``undemocratic forces'' in the past that gravely undermined the federation, urged the parliament to pass the 18th constitutional amendment bill without delay.
The food inflation for week ended June 11 has risen to 9.13 per cent from 8.96 per cent from the previous week.
Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak and boyfriend Kroy Biermann are engaged to be married.
Governor Sindh Dr Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan called on Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif here at CM House on Tuesday night.
Microsoft Corp. said Thursday that Jeff Raikes, the top executive in its business software division, will retire in September.
New Washington Wizards coach Flip Saunders thinks Gilbert Arenas can be just as good-or better-than the All-Star point guard was before having three operations on his left knee.
Police over the weekend released the name of a youth accused of shooting a man in the chest Friday afternoon near the Roy Laos Transit Center.
Toshiba and Honda both slashed their profit outlook yesterday after a strong yen and global economic woes hammered their bottom lines.
Twin Falls Police are investigating a break in at the Shoshone Falls ticket booth at the entrance to the park.
Like those movie monsters that just won't die, the Reverend Wright horror show is back again -- and it's scaring Obama supporters who are hoping to win over skeptical white working-class voters in the pivotal Indiana primary.
The US stocks rebounded on Tuesday as oil prices eased from its fresh multi-year high, soothing concerns that surging oil could hurt economic recovery.
``Bones'' star David Boreanaz is publicly admitting to having cheated on his wife, Jaime Bergman, because he claims a woman he had a relationship with threatened to share details with the media.
Oil prices fell alongside the broader markets Tuesday after the Obama administration announced a program that could raise more than $1 trillion in public and private funds to revive the economy.
Minister for Water and Power Syed Naveed Qamar on Tuesday said the Diamer Bhasha dam would usher in a new era of development in the country.
German utility RWE does not plan to make a bid for British nuclear generator British Energy by a deadline of Friday, sources familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Global data center player Equinix is entering the South American market, purchasing ALOG Data Centers in Brazil with private equity firm Riverwood Capital, which will hold a 10% stake, for US$127m.
Israel kills 13, death toll now 90 Updated: 20:55, Monday November 19, 2012 Israeli strikes across the Gaza Strip have killed 13 people, raising the Palestinian death toll to 90 as Israel's campaign enters its sixth day.
Fourteen-time Olympic winner Michael Phelps will give up 200m freestyle in London Olympic Games.
Here's what's open and closed in the GTA over this holiday weekend.
Brent crude futures traded over $100 a barrel on Tuesday according to FutureSource.
WASHINGTON Barack Obama appeared unstoppable Tuesday in his bid to become the first black president in US history, propelled by Americans enraptured by his message of hope, change and promise.
MADRID -Getafe beat Spanish league leader Real Betis 1-0 on Monday after Diego Castro's first-half goal secured the club's first win of the season.
Gary Busey has apologized to Jennifer Garner for a bizarre red carpet embrace he gave her at the Oscars.
Telstra has ended discussions with unions about a new enterprise agreement, after accusing them of knowingly putting forward prohibited content as part of a side agreement.
Beckham kids bid goodbye to LA school Updated: 13:51, Saturday January 5, 2013 The Beckham children have said goodbye to their Los Angeles schoolmates.
The South Korean stock market is trading weak on Monday with investors taking some profits after recent strong gains.
David Bankier, a prominent Holocaust scholar and head of Yad Vashem's International Institute for Holocaust Research, has died after a lengthy illness.
Scioto Downs opens its 50th anniversary season on Friday night with 103 horses competing in an 11-race program of harness racing action.
Braves right-hander Brandon Beachy, the Major Leagues' co-leader in ERA, underwent successful Tommy John surgery on Thursday and is expected to miss about a year.
Waitrose, an upmarket grocery arm of British retailer John Lewis Partnership, has signed its first ever franchise deal with motorway services operator, Welcome Break.
Residents of Watermere at Southlake, Southlake's first and only master-planned development for adults 55-plus, recently donated 135 hand-crafted heart pillows to breast cancer patients at the Breast Diagnostics Center of North Texas.
Two Russian sumo wrestlers have tested positive for marijuana use, two weeks after another Russian was banned for life after being arrested on suspicion of possessing the drug.
A radio reporter was shot dead in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, the second reporter to be murdered in the country this year, the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines said, according to Reuters.
Senior Pakistan Peoples Party leader Aitzaz Ahsan has said President Asif Ali Zardari enjoys amnesty only in criminal cases and not in civil matters.
BlackBerry maker RIM has requested India for two months extension of the deadline which Government had proposed to ban BlackBerry services namely Blackberry Enterprise and BlackBerry Messenger.
Tonight I had dinner with my best friends from middle and high school and one of the topics, among many, was this: how long do you support your adult child?
Nokia, the world's largest cellphone vendor by volume, is cutting 3,500 jobs partly through the closure of its plant in Cluj, Romania, as it struggles with falling sales and profits.
The Almaty circus has invited guests.
Turkish soldiers, air force bombers and helicopter gunships reportedly launched an incursion into Iraq on Wednesday, hours after Kurdish rebels killed 26 soldiers and wounded 16 others in multiple attacks along the border.
Former Satyam Computer chief B Ramalinga Raju is likely to be arrested today as the pressure mounts on Andhra Pradesh government to take action against him.
Former Howard Government Minister Mal Brough has revealed he is planning a return to federal politics.
Environmental activists unfurled banners near train stations and on railway overpasses Friday to protest a contested shipment of 123 tons of recycled nuclear waste from France to Germany.
' Kate Hudson is planning to move to England to be with her Muse rocker boyfriend Matt Bellamy.
Prosecutors in Westmoreland County said they can prove a Greensburg woman was raped before she was killed, according to our newspaper partner The Tribune Review.
Detectives investigating the murder of a grandfather found dead in Dundee have released CCTV images in a bid to trace a man who was seen in the area.
The former basketball star Dennis Rodman has told the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, ``you have a friend for life'', as the two men watched the Harlem Globetrotters and dined on sushi.
The British and US governments make a lot of noise about 'democracy' and 'stopping the violence', but the bullets killing us are made in the US.
Apple shares hit a new all-time high on Friday as US stocks closed out the week with a second day of solid gains that put the Dow at its highest level since the last days of 2007.
``Anna Karenina,'' ``Life of Pi'' and ``Skyfall'' won the 17th Art Directors Guild Awards in a feature film on Saturday evening at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Brumbies keen to bounce back after loss Updated: 17:16, Tuesday March 20, 2012 The Brumbies will be looking to maintain their unbeaten 2012 Super Rugby record in Canberra against the undefeated Highlanders.
England lost to to Canada in a stuttered performance in their second pool match of the Edinburgh Sevens.
By IANS, (RxPG) Washington, March 14 - Overweight and obese women tend to develop more aggressive breast cancers with lower survival rates, according to a report in the latest issue of Clinical Cancer Research.
Popular actress mercy Johnson has finally called off her planned wedding to Odianosen Okojie.
Two young bicyclists collided with a car on Tuesday afternoon on Route 236, but all involved avoided serious injury.
THE second man claiming trial in the online vice ring case yesterday scrapped a last-minute bid to retrieve phone records, which he claimed showed that he had been friends with the underage escort.
24 star Annie Wersching and actor/comedian husband Stephen Full are expecting their first child, they tell PEOPLE exclusively.
The Coast Guard petty officer who saved singer Sean Kingston after his jet ski crash in Miami Beach last May is being honored with a medal for his actions Tuesday.
WASHINGTON DFL Senate candidate Al Franken narrowly outraised Republican Sen. Norm Coleman over a recent seven-week period, but Coleman held a cash advantage heading into the final months of the campaign.
Legendary actress and fitness guru, Jane Fonda has undergone surgery to replace her left knee.
Massimilian Porcello and Sebastian Freis scored a goal each Friday to help Karlsruher SC beat Arminia Bielefeld 2-1 and move into the upper half of the Bundesliga standings.
Two Israel Air Force pilots were killed when their helicopter crashed during a routine training flight Wednesday evening in northern Israel, the military confirmed.
Indian Health Minister Anbumani Ramadoss on Tuesday launched a media campaign against passive smoking as part of efforts to increase awareness about rules banning smoking in public nationwide from Oct 2.
HUMAN rights lawyers say the High Court missed an opportunity yesterday to strengthen and protect free speech in upholding parole conditions preventing Palm Island rioter Lex Wotton from speaking to the media and attending public meetings.
John Terry has reportedly been dropped as England captain following the revelations about his private life.
President Michel Sleiman emphasized that Lebanon totally rejected the naturalization of the Palestinians, pursuant to the preamble of the Constitution.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reiterated that US would continue to mount heavy pressure on Pakistan for positive role in war on terror, Geo News reported.
First, Kim Kardashian threatened to sue an anti-Kim K website and now she has done it.
Actor Sean Penn has filed for legal separation from his wife of 13 years, Robin Wright Penn.
Michael Boley is expected to accept a five-year deal with the Giants worth roughly $25 million, with more than $10 million guaranteed.
Mar 28, 2012 - Georgia Bulldogs safety Bacarri Rambo and linebacker Alec Ogletree have been suspended multiple games for a violation of team rules, according to a report from DawgPost.com.
Upscale retailer Neiman Marcus posted a quarterly loss on Wednesday, as sales suffered through the holiday season, and said it would be conservative in its outlook until consumer spending improves.
A suspect who was involved in a police shooting earlier this month appeared in court Wednesday morning.
The 'Vietnamese people give priority to consuming Vietnam-made goods' campaign launched by the Politburo is a favourable opportunity for the domestic enterprises to occupy the domestic market which has been encroached already by the foreign goods.
Cheryl Cole won't be renewing her vows with husband Ashley Cole, as the press incorrectly reported this week.
Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. said Friday it would put 250 employees back to work beginning the first week of June as the company revs up the largest paper machine at its Frenchtown plant.
Who is John Thain: an egregious, avaricious, self absorbed, effete idiot with an insatiable desire for money.
The winter storm warning that was issued Tuesday for Chenango and surrounding counties was canceled early this morning.
Prudential Financial Inc , the second-largest life insurer in the United States, on Tuesday raised its annual dividend by 26 percent, two weeks after its closest competitor was blocked from raising its own payout.
GIANFRANCO ZOLA claims Manchester City star Mario Balotelli acts crazy in an attempt to ``feel normal''.
Jimmy, 79, who still lives in Rosehill, has awarded an MBE for his services to football and charity.
Montreal Impact goalkeeper, Matt Jordan retires after a 13-year career in professional soccer.
Habitat has been sold to Hilco in a deal that will see chief executive Mark Saunders remain in his position.
During his stay in Delhi, he held extensive discussions with the Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh and other Indian leaders and assured New Delhi of a political settlement of minorities and quicker rehabilitation of displaced Tamils in the island nation.
Comedian Katt Williams was briefly detained by police in California on Thursday after he was caught carrying marijuana.
A VILLAGE primary school near Winchcombe is top of the class after being deemed ``outstanding'' by officials from the Office for Standards in Education.
The Darksiders 2 release date has a two-month stay of execution, from June to August, due to a delay that effects the game on all platforms, the Xbox 360, PS3 and PC.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia joined rival National Australia Bank in warning that the global economic turmoil was hitting customer confidence and may push funding costs higher, but said it was well positioned to ride the storm.
It's interesting that Bob Gibbs is criticizing an effort that he helped produce.
A decree issued by Nicosia District Court to freeze the assets of Andreas Vgenopoulos, Efthymios Bouloutas, Kyriacos Mageiras and Marfin Investment Group Holdings can be executed abroad, Justice Minister Ionas Nicolaou said yesterday.
The Muthoot Group, an M. George enterprise with 16 business verticals and over 1,100 branches, is planning to double its total turnover to Rs.40,000 crore during the financial year 2009-10.
Tyra Banks has split from her boyfriend and has gone on a ``spiritual trip'' to Bali to get over the break-up.
Five people, including two children, were killed when a single-engine plane crashed in central Texas and authorities say weather may have played a role in the crash.
Cole Hamels was suspended 5 games by Major League Baseball for intentionally hitting Bryce Harper.
Less than a month after earning the NBA's Eastern Conference Coach of the Month award, the Nets announced Thursday afternoon that they have fired coach Avery Johnson.
Software pioneer John McAfee is under arrest in Guatemala.
Toyota Motor Corp has extended broad US sales incentives by a month and widened a maintenance program as the automaker tries to continue a sales rebound in the wake of safety recalls.
Israel was elected to handle the Chairmanship of the Kimberley Process from 2010, at the latest meeting of the KP in Namibia on November 5, 2009.
Faurecia is expanding its manufacturing in Michigan after winning the business to supply interior modules for the 2013 Cadillac ATS.
Total deposits with authorised institutions rose 0.3% in April, with Hong Kong dollar deposits up 0.8% as the expansion in savings deposits exceeded the contraction in demand and time deposits, the Monetary Authority says.
Rivers mistaken for illegal immigrant Updated: 19:47, Saturday November 17, 2012 UK border patrol officers swooped on a fishing boat suspected of carrying illegal immigrants, only to find US comedian Joan Rivers disembarking.
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port, which handles 13 percent of foreign crude oil coming into the United States, said on Wednesday it believes it has adequate backup power generation to restart deliveries and meet anticipated demand from refiners after Hurricane Isaac.
A man was killed while fixing his car in a driveway on Tuesday morning.
Civilian flaggers are replacing cops on construction sites.
A parasitic worm may hold the key to keeping skin grafts and plasters firmly in place over wounds, according to a new study.
The Bulldogs of Winslow High split their weekend contests on the court, defeating Flagstaff and falling to Monument Valley, leaving them with an 11-12 record on the season.
Fiat SpA CEO Sergio Marchionne met with Opel union leaders in Frankfurt yesterday, a day before the German government's deadline for bids to invest in or acquire General Motors Corp.'s embattled European unit.
Annette Bening was forced to pull out of her Los Angeles play MEDEA on Wednesday night due to ``a family medical emergency.''
Michael Ballack says he is focused on Euro 2008 after the heartbreak of losing the Champions League final.
US President Barack Obama has formally ordered a drawdown of $US25 million in urgent, non-lethal American aid to Libyan rebels fighting Muammar Gaddafi.
The Federal Reserve is likely to leave interest rates at a record low as it focuses on continuing the US economy's recovery and lowering double-digit employment, according to the Associated Press.
Company informs the users that a new laboratory team has been recruited for the tool to recover corrupt Excel spreadsheet.
Slugger Ryan Howard became the fastest player to reach 200 career home runs, powering his red hot Philadelphia Phillies to a 4-0 road win against the Florida Marlins on Thursday.
Red Bull have been forced to make changes to their car this weekend after question marks surfaced concerning the legality of its wheel hubs.
MiMedx Group Inc., a Kennesaw-based biomedical research and manufacturing company, is moving its corporate headquarters to Marietta, the company disclosed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sen. Edward Moore Kennedy, the Liberal lion of the Senate has died, he was 77 years old.
This past August, I wrote a letter to the chair of my department explaining why I am no longer willing to teach US military history.
The US embassy in Colombo was closed temporarily Wednesday after a suspicious powder was detected there, the embassy said in a statement, reported dpa.
Zanesville is accepting coaching applications for the following middle school positions: seventh- and eighth-grade volleyball, girls basketball and boys blue and white basketball.
Mississippi RiverKings head coach Kevin McClelland has resigned from his position as director of player operations and head coach after three seasons, according to team owner Maddox Hockey Inc.
On March 5, the Chilean Constitutional Court decided to review the constitutionality of the patent linkage bill currently being discussed in the Chilean Congress.
Hexagon Metrology has delivered the 1000th DEA GLOBAL 7.10.7 co-ordinate measuring machines, made in Turin, Italy, has been delivered to Hirschvogel Umformtechnik GmbH in Denklingen, Germany.
Iran released a French embassy employee on Tuesday but still kept detaining a young French academic, who are both on charges related to post-election protests in Iran, French President Nicolas Sarkzoy's office said in a statement, Xinhua reported.
First, let me use a quote from ``V for Vendetta'': ``People should not fear their government; their government should fear the people.''
A family of four in New Hampshire is trying to spend just $1,500 for their groceries, household items and personal care expenses for an entire year and detail their attempt in a blog.
More money may be needed for a Sutter County museum expansion in the face of its belt-tightening.
A HUNTINGDON drug dealer who was caught with cocaine with a street value of more than £55,000 has been jailed.
A Castle Rock man was arrested Wednesday night in possession of drugs, guns and counterfeit money following a traffic stop at the Morgan-Weld County line on Interstate 76.
'Gori tera gaon bada pyara, Mein toh gaya maara, Aake yaahan re....' The voice that has enthralled generations and soothed a million souls, including Oscar winner AR Rahman, belongs to the legendary KJ Yesudas, who turned 70 Sunday.
Qatar Airways is to launch flights to the southern Chinese industrial port city of Guangzhou from the start of the summer flying season.
The CW has picked up One Tree Hill and Nikita for additional seasons of programming!
Arizona wildfires continue to spread unabated as officials say the Wallow fire has moved through the town of Greer, but there is hope some progress to contain the fire will be made today.
The uncontrolled, environmentally and politically toxic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is now lapping at the White House.
A man was injured in a logging accident Friday in North Utica, fire officials said.
A couple was robbed at knife point in the Side Hill area on Monday morning.
RHG, the former Rams Home Loans Group, has upgraded its profit forecast to between $86 million and $96 million, due to a contingent income tax asset.
After winning two nomination at the the Annual Academy Awards this year, Rahman's 'If I Rise' in Danny Boyle's 127 Hours has now been nominated for the World Soundtrack Awards in 'Best original song written directly for a film' category.
Xtreme Coil Drilling Corp. announces executive appointments recently approved by the board of directors and effective January 12, 2009.
Idaho released new economic and tax revenue forecasts, but state officials say there's no telling if these numbers will weather the test of time, especially given this week's stock-market turbulence that followed a downgrade of the nation's debt rating.
British singer Amy Winehouse will re-marry her ex-husband Blake Fielder Civil next year, according to her former mother-in-law.
Like many parents, Jillian Smath of Greenacres is focusing on function when back-to-school shopping for her daughters, 7-year-old Emily and 5-year-old Marlee, this year.
Brussels shares were lower at the close tracking Wall Street, with Agfa-Gevaert leading the decliners and brewer Inbev among the sharpest fallers amid fresh rumours that it is preparing a bid for Anheuser-Busch.
STRONG winds and rain caused minor transport problems around Shanghai yesterday but the forecast calls for warm weather this week with intermittent showers.
Portico Systems, the leader in Integrated Provider Management solutions, announced today that it has been named to the 2008 Philadelphia 100® list of the fastest growing, privately held companies in the Philadelphia region.
``'The Situation' To Live With Sober Coach On 'Jersey Shore,''' reads the headline of an ``exclusive'' from HollywoodLife.
Reliance could probably move on the upside, the entire structure has been positive.
Police are investigating a double fatality in Genoa this morning that claimed the life of a woman and a child.
Troubled Britney Spears's desperate parents have been trying to get her committed into a mental hospital for months, it was reported last night.
August 16, 2011 President Obama on Monday was confronted by tea party activists after his town-hall meeting in Decorah, Iowa, USA Today reports.
New York's Statue of Liberty is to close for a year at the end of October for a $27.25 million renovation designed to make the interior safer and more accessible.
Intel's another legend Craig Barrett intends to retire from active management and his role as chairman and member of the board of directors in May at the company's annual stockholders' meeting.
A 34-year-old South Boston man pleaded guilty last Thursday in Halifax County Circuit Court to six charges, including abduction, domestic assault and battery and reckless handling of a firearm.
Stearns County Auditor-Treasurer, Randy Schreifels, has announced the new Stearns County congressional and legislative districts.
The Taj Mahal will collapse in five years if urgent action is not taken to set its dilapidated foundations right, according to campaigners.
A caregiver has been found guilty of assaulting two young boys, and acquitted on two charges of assault with a weapon, but faces possible retrial on another 10 child abuse charges.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports today that Washington University is raising undergraduate tuition by about five percent.
In response to the current global financial turmoil, the Bank of Japan will discuss its current economic growth forecast to decide whether or not it should be revised to include a downward trend.
``It would be difficult for me to say whether it's more of a happiness or a relief that I am back but I would like to make full use of the opportunities available. Not many people get a chance to represent the country and I have been fortunate enough to do that and, God willing, would like to represent my nation for a long time,'' said Pathan.
It has been reported that the volume of merger and acquisition activity in South Africa slumped about 65% during the first six months of the year, with the resources industries continuing to dominate deals by value, data released Tuesday by mergermarket showed.
HTC has released an update for the system software on the unlocked version of the Touch Pro. This is not a tremendously significant update, but takes care of a number of small bugs in this Windows Mobile smartphone.
The Josephine County sheriff's office says a 13-year-old girl escaped from a kidnapper by jumping from his pickup truck.
Water Front City, a gated township, was inaugurated by Information & Public Relations Minister J Geetha Reddy at Genome Valley, near Shamirpet, on the city's outskirts today.
Underage drinkers will be targeted as part of a new community safety initiative launched today.
The Saudi women driving ban may end if Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has anything to say about it.
John Riccitiello has confirmed in a recent conference call that Rock Band will be coming to the Wii.
Cholera is surging again in parts of the world, a World Health Organization expert said Thursday, pointing to epidemics in Nigeria and Cameroon.
People in the Republic feel better off than those in Northern Ireland and live longer, a new study says.
David Cameron is launching the Tory party general election manifesto plans alongside an aggressive campaign to seize an early lead with voters in marginal constituencies.
As part of the marketing campaign that included a new TV commercial which ran after Sunday Night Football, the Nashville Predators have announced that ``Smashville'' is back.
Oil prices dropped below $129 a barrel Tuesday, falling sharply on a growing sense that soaring gas and oil prices have cut demand for fuel during the normally busy summer driving season.
US astronomers have discovered 18 new planets, all of them Jupiter-size gas giants that may help shed more light on the origin of the Universe, media reports said on Monday.
Civil society members Padma Ratna Tuladhar, Daman Nath Dhungana and Bidhyadhar Mallik met Nepali Congress President Sushil Koirala today.
The Texas Rangers got their first Hispanic chief in the law enforcement agency's 172-year history.
Tim Thomas made 30 saves, Phil Kessel and Peter Schaefer each had a goal and an assist and the Bruins eliminated Toronto from playoff contention with a 4-2 win last night.
ROBBERS escaped with electrical equipment after forcing their way into a Batchley property and threatened the occupants.
An independent fact finder has recommended that Chicago teachers receive a 14.85 percent raise to ``compensate teachers for working a longer school day and year,'' a union official union said Monday.
Seekonk Police are investigating an overnight rollover at McDonald's on Route 114-A.
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday alleged that Karnataka's mining baron Reddy brothers paid huge money as bribe to BJP leaders and demanded a thorough probe into the issue by a parliamentary panel.
A BBC journalist arrested by Egyptian police in Cairo has been released, the corporation said on Tuesday.
Russian punk rock group Pussy Riot were found guilty of hooliganism Friday morning.
US markets were to remain closed for a second day Tuesday.
SAMSUNG has unveiled new Android and Windows-powered touchscreen devices at the IFA trade show in Berlin.
Oil prices hovered below $95 a barrel today in Asia as a stronger US dollar made crude more expensive for investors with other currencies.
Students at Churchland High are designing a special athletic robot to participate in the regional FIRST Robotics Competition.
Government-owned BEML Ltd said on Friday that it would serve a defamation notice on VK Singh, who retired as the chief of army staff a day earlier.
Businessman Sean Quinn has been spared jail after being found guilty of contempt on Tuesday after hiding €500 million property portfolio from the former Anglo Irish Bank.
Elvis to make virtual comeback Updated: 06:09, Sunday June 10, 2012 The legendary king of rock 'n' roll is to be 'virtually resurrected' for modern audiences - following in the footsteps of the late rapper Tupac Shakur.
Ryanair has launched its 2013 Summer schedule with three new routes being introduced to and from Gothenburg, Liverpool and Milan.
Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has said law alone is not sufficient to curb corruption and a moral and spiritual wave has to be created to tackle the menace.
At least 50 poultry farmers from across the country, on Sunday, held a one-day consultative forum on the way forward for the development of the poultry industry in The Gambia at a ceremony held at the Wellingara agricultural centre.
LOS ANGELES, Nov 10 Former CNN news anchor Lou Dobbs has joined the Fox Business Network and will host and develop a daily television show starting in 2011, Fox said on Wednesday.
Brit rapper Dizzee Rascal, real name Dylan Kwabena Mills, has revealed that he threatened to punch Prince Harry in the face after his performance at Hyde Parks Wireless Festival.
Researchers from Poland have reported that statins may reduce the effectiveness of Rituxan® in treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Former Gujarat minister Amit Shah, arrested by CBI in July in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, today moved the high court for bail after it was rejected by a special court last week.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has warned the opposition to distance itself from the country's Western 'enemies'.
Authorities say a 61-year-old Natchez man was apparently beaten to death with his own cane during a botched robbery.
Philip Roth, giant of American letters, has won the 2011 Man Booker International award.
The ringgit eased against the US dollar at close today as market players remained on the sidelines on anticipation of further stimulus from the Eurozone, dealers said.
Flat Rock Playhouse presents ``Guys and Dolls,'' through Aug. 19 at Playhouse Mainstage, 2661 Greenville Highway, Flat Rock, NC
The 18-unit apartment in City Heights at 3666-3670 43rd St., San Diego 92105, has been sold for $1,575,000.
A special campaign for revising the voters list will be held in Kochi on Saturday and Sunday.
Actor Ram Kapoor denies reports that he will quit ``Bade Achhe Lagte Hain'' and adds that he will be associated with it till the last episode.
Windows Phone 8 handset release date in US has finally been revealed.
Andor Technology, the Belfast-based camera maker, saw its pre-tax profits rise by 22% in the six months to March.
A Japanese man who was mystified when food kept disappearing from his kitchen set up a hidden camera and found an unknown woman living secretly in his closet, Japanese media said yesterday.
One lucky little Chihuahua made a miraculous recovery after she was stepped on by her best friend, Clydesdale horse weighing 900 kilos.
El Paso police are investigating a possible shooting death at a hotel in West El Paso, emergency dispatchers reported.
MinuteHound has just released a new way for organizations of all sizes to digitally store important employee attendance records online using cloud based technology.
A Conroe-area woman died Monday afternoon on Crighton Road when her 2003 Ford pickup hit a tree.
Pune will host the inaugural Lokmat Maharashtra Cricket Championship T20 event, an IPL style cricket tournament in November this year.
Manitoba will ban new hog barns and expansions in the eastern half of the province, where the industry is most concentrated, its conservation minister said on Monday.
The Taliban have threatened to kill Imran Khan if he holds a planned march to their tribal stronghold to protest US drone attacks.
An apartment fire kills two brothers while a neighbor is able to save the third.
Hazel Blears has opened a new constituency office in the heart of Salford.
Comedian Russell Brand has been charged with criminal damage after he allegedly threw a paparazzo's iPhone through a window.
British singer Petula Clark turned down a randy Elvis Presley when she realised he wanted to be ``more than friends''.
Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation has been selected by C&D Zodiac, the cabin interior supplier for the CSeries aircraft, to supply the interior lighting system for the Bombardier CSeries aircraft, Hamilton Sundstrand announced on Wednesday.
25/01/12 MELBOURNE, Reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova overcame tenacious Italian Sara Errani in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open on Wednesday.
Michael Walchhofer of Austria won a World Cup downhill Saturday and teammate Ivica Kostelic clinched the overall title.
GoldandBlack.com is reporting that Purdue football has received a verbal commitment from a junior college running back.
A Manlius accountant admitted in Onondaga County Court today to stealing more than $1 million from clients.
A Separation star Peyman Moaadi is set to join Kristen Stewart in the upcoming Camp X-Ray, The Wrap reports.
More from The Michigan Messenger Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney raised more money in Michigan between April and June than did President Barack Obama.
To celebrate the importance of books and reading, Scholastic is launching You Are What You Read, a social networking site for readers around the world.
Morgan Stanley has expanded its structured product range with the launch of four structured products.
He came to bury his nephew, not to praise him.
The WWE is missing a great opportunity with Bret Hart through no fault of their own.
Gold and silver prices advanced further in India as stockists and jewelers began brisk buying in line with improved global situation.
North and south Sudan on Wednesday agreed to create a demilitarized zone along the border just a week before the country is to split up.
A FURIOUS Teesside MP has blasted a peer who is backing plans for a wind farm on his land, saying he is treating residents like ``medieval serfs''.
Companies in the US private sector added 32,000 jobs in April, according to the ADP employment report released Wednesday.
``Chennai is home away from home because I shot for my Tamil debut here a few years back and I'm really excited to be back.
Hurricane Sandy is barrelling towards the Bahamas as a powerful category two storm after battering Jamaica, Haiti and Cuba, claiming three lives so far.
India on Saturday unexpectedly cut its main short-term lending rate and banks' reserve requirements to ease a growing cash squeeze, spur faltering economic growth and fend off damage from the global financial crisis.
Wall Street headed for a sharply lower open Friday as efforts to approve a $700 billion financial bailout unraveled and Washington Mutual Inc. was seized by federal regulators in the largest failure ever of a US bank.
European shares turned negative in morning trade on Monday as financials gave up early gains, with concerns about global economic growth weighing on market sentiment.
Melbourne, Dec 7 Former Australian captain Steve Waugh and co-author of the Argus report feels that pacemen are not spending enough time in the nets and further opined richly talented but inexperienced bowlers like Cummins are being promoted before their bodies are properly prepared.
R&B singer Keyshia Cole has married boyfriend Daniel Gibson over the weekend in a secret ceremony.
Ohio rockers Heartless Bastards come to Nashville to play Exit/In Tuesday, Aug. 18.
Swedish melodic metal act Bloodbound has announced its signing with Germany's AFM Records.
Lindsay Lohan owes the IRS $93,701.57 in back taxes from 2009, but the real take home may be:
An Ontario driver died following a single-vehicle crash in northwestern New Brunswick on Saturday night.
How safe are our web servers that host key information pertaining to results related to various entrance examinations in the State?
Verizon is keeping an unlimited data plan for its first LTE phone.
Electronic components firm TT electronics said it would axe 700 jobs this year from its global operations, including the UK, although there was no immediate breakdown of how many would be cut in this country.
Initial investigation suggested that ``foreign substance'' was attached to an Israeli embassy car leading to the explosion in the vehicle, government said on Monday night.
An Indian Army soldier has been found guilty of molesting an Assamese girl after his trial on Friday.
Azealia Banks has pulled her new single 'Esta Noche' after a row with the song's producer on Twitter.
And men who drank only wine, and less than half a glass of it a day, lived around 2.5 years longer than those who drank beer and spirits, and almost five years longer than those who drank no alcohol at all.
Wexford are searching for a new hurling manager following confirmation that John Meyler is not being considered for another year in the job.
ITV has taken full control of the breakfast TV broadcaster GMTV, buying the 25% share it did not already own from Disney for £22.25m.
Russian dairy, beverages and baby foods producer, Wimm-Bill-Dann, has posted a 1H 2010 net Income of $69.5 million under US GAAP.
The Memphis Grizzlies have announced they've re-signed center Hamed Haddadi.
Bills running back Marshawn Lynch says he expects to be suspended by the NFL for his latest run-in with the law and he's got the message that the league ``won't tolerate any more screw-ups'' from him.
Borders this week will open its second so-called ``concept store'' designed to revive flagging sales by broadening its selection of digital items and Blu-ray discs.
A US court has heard, celebrity model Anna Nicole Smith was addicted to prescription drugs and her psychiatrist should have known it.
LLL of Orange County, a breast-feeding support group, meets on the second Thursday of each month.
The Broncos put the team in pads for the first time in this training camp for Saturday morning's workout.
In a ceremony full of pomp and pageantry dating back over 500 years, Queen Elizabeth II opened the UK Parliament for the new session by delivering a speech on the government's upcoming agenda to members of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons.
Stock markets surged Tuesday on Wall Street after the Bank of Japan trimmed its lending rate and a report showed non-manufacturing business activity rising.
Kesha has revealed she is bisexual.
My eyes widened when I heard that because it never occurred to me that Facebook is stupid.
Newport News police have charged a 25-year-old man with having pirated films, including one that was in theaters when police pulled him over on a traffic stop.
``I don't bite my nails, but I rip out my eyelashes,'' she tells the New York Daily News.
St. Louis police are investigating arsons at two churches and looking into a church van fire.
Iowa offensive coordinator Ken O'Keefe has left the program for another job, the school announced Friday.
Film star Mel Gibson crashed his Maserati sports car into a hillside, police confirmed today.
The Indian rupee fell by 12 paise to Rs 51.32 per US dollar in early trade on Monday, weighed down by gains posted by the American currency against other Asian peers overseas amid a weak trend in the domestic equity market.
A 34-year-old Patea man made a brief appearance in Hawera District Court yesterday charged with murder following the fatal bashing of Paul Kumeroa in Wanganui in September.
Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co said on Monday that it would cut its work force by about 10 percent as part of a restructuring plan to deal with a damaging drop in advertising revenue.
A pit bull that bit a Wheeling Island man and woman in July is scheduled to be euthanized Thursday.
Finland's Nokia Corp., the world's largest handset maker, said Tuesday it is launching three new mobile phones, intended to offer strong messaging and social networking tools at an affordable price.
Prime Minister the Right Honourable Perry G. Christie travels this afternoon to New York City and along the Premier of Bermuda will speak tomorrow at the christening of Norwegian Cruise Lines new cruise ship ``Breakaway''.
The LandTrust for Central North Carolina is hosting a nature walk at Eagle Point Park and Preserve in Rowan County on Sunday, Oct. 18th, at 2 pm The walk will feature interactive hands-on animal and plant exhibits targeted toward children and their parents.
President and CEO of Richard Calder buys 2,000 shares of GTLT on 06/14/2011 at an average price of $1.1 a share.
NIGER Delta Development Commission, has reiterated its position that its financial records are intact.
Truck Bryant broke out of a slump by scoring 24 points, West Virginia took command early in the second half and beat No. 8 Notre Dame 72-58 on Saturday, ending the Irish's seven-game winning streak.
13,200 Girl Scout cookie boxes have been destroyed and dumped in a local landfill, sparking strong backlash by some who believe the organization could have been more charitable with the left-over cookies than so wasteful.
As the 2012 draft approaches, there's increasing buzz that Alabama cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick is ``dropping'' on draft boards.
Snooki was reportedly taken into custody today in Florence, Italy, after the vehicle she was driving crashed into a POLICE CAR!
Former Vice President Jusuf Kalla said Saturday that Islamic boarding schools, known as pesantren, should teach entrepreneurship to students to boost their skill sets, local media reported.
Less than two weeks after the world watched him get married in Westminster Abbey, Prince William has saved a retired Hong Kong High Court judge who suffered a heart attack while out walking in Snowdonia.
A former Louisiana wildlife official pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges he took payoffs from a landfill company owner's businesses for his work in trying to keep a rival landfill closed.
Korean handset maker Pantech is planning to launch Siriusα smartphone, Pantech-au IS06 model in Japan through mobile operator KDDI.
Agoura Hills resident Nita Lawson, left, Los Angeles resident Michael Robinson, Santa Monica resident Brad Nelson and Carpinteria resident Susan Robbins take a close look at President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, which was on display at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library earlier this week in Simi Valley.
Waugh paid tribute to Tuqiri as the axed Wallaby winger confirmed from a Brisbane hideaway that a return to rugby league was a definite option in his future, along with overseas rugby.
A woman called the Call for Action team after a mysterious phone bill kept showing up every money.
Astronauts from the US space shuttle Discovery late Saturday concluded a third and final spacewalk of their mission, installing new equipment on the International Space Station, but failing to connect some of the cables.
Toys R Us has announced its top toys for this Christmas, with High School Musical, Hannah Montana, Ben 10, In The Night Garden and Nintendo Wii expected to be topping Christmas wish lists this year.
Adolf Hitler was a secret cocaine user Updated: 13:54, Saturday May 5, 2012 Newly released medical documents show Nazi leader Adolf Hitler regularly snorted cocaine.
Sanya Richards has sent a clear warning to her rivals that she is in the best shape of her life ahead of next month's 400metres title bid in Beijing.
US Senator Richard Burr officially filed his reelection paperwork to the North Carolina State Board of Elections this morning.
The US Environmental Protection Agency today announced that the University of Florida at Gainesville, Florida won first prize among large institutions in the Agency's first Campus RainWorks Challenge.
A Waltham fertility pharmacy has issued a voluntary recall on some of its products, according to FOX 25.
The Scotiabank Prep School Cricket Competition officially bowls off today at Melbourne Oval with a press launch at 9:00 am followed by an opening match involving defending champions St Peter & Paul Prep and Liguanea Prep.
Authorities say a mother of two was found beaten to death in southern New Jersey.
DAVID Lynch says he's passionate about education -- from training the teachers of the future to creating opportunities for more students to study at university.
Bank of England boss Mervyn King told MPs he was not to blame for failing to spot the rate-rigging scandal engulfing the industry amid mounting accusations over the central bank's role..
/ Chris O'Meara AP by Mike Lopresti, USA TODAY Sports by Mike Lopresti, USA TODAY Sports You wonder where it all started to go wrong for Billy Gillispie.
Israeli chess player Boris Gelfand, who tied world champion Viswanathan Anand in the 12 games of the World Chess Championship but finally lost in Wednesday's speed matches, called to raise the status of chess in Israel.
Their report states that Robert Pattinson has confirmed that he and Kristen Stewart are a ``couple.''
Navy Seaman Recruit Oscar A. Nunez, , recently completed US Navy basic training at Recruit Training Command, Great Lakes, Ill.
Michael Vick has withdrawn a motion to seek court approval for a financial advisor he selected to oversee his bankruptcy case after the man was accused of helping swindle $500,000 from church members in New Jersey.
A 43-YEAR-OLD man was charged today with the double murder of a man and a woman on a canal boat.
The Enforcement Directorate will launch a probe into the housing loan scam unearthed by the CBI to check possible money laundering.
Iraqi authorities lifted an indefinite curfew imposed on Baghdad on Monday, after Shiite cleric Muqtada Al Sadr made an offer to end days of fighting in the country.
Less than a day after leaving their jobs, two former Penn State administrators Gary Schultz and Tim Curley faced a judge.
Jade Goody has hit out at ex-boyfriend Jeff Brazier for not being there for his sons.
Southwest Airlines will add Milwaukee to its route system from Baltimore-Washington and other cities.
London, Jul 28 Teen pop sensation Justin Bieber was reportedly forced to apologise to a fellow passenger on an Air New Zealand flight after he allegedly caused a disturbance by cursing loudly in the first class section.
ZoomCare, the Portland-based clinic that offers patients same-day scheduling and flat fees for all visits, is expanding to Seattle.
A Cotton Incorporated internet grower survey conducted from April 1 through June 3, 2011 , has identified key issues that will help guide the organization's agricultural research program.
Ratings agency Fitch downgraded Hungary to junk status today, falling in line with Standard and Poor's and Moody's.
The South Korean market was trading lower for the second consecutive trading session on Wednesday.
The Obama administration on Thursday announced a $1.25 billion deal with black farmers that could end a years-long stalemate over alleged racial discrimination by the Agriculture Department.
LA Noire developer Team Bondi has been placed into administration, according to documents filed with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
Japan has offered to enrich uranium for Iran allowing access to nuclear power by the Islamic Republic, the Nikkei business daily reports.
Mortgage rates continued a downward trend this week, according to Freddie Mac's weekly rate report.
Jennifer Saunders has ditched her wig as she put her troubles behind her at London Fashion Week.
Former Clarksville football and track coach Kyle Norton has been reprimanded for allegedly sending inappropriate text messages to several female students.
Eun Ji Won and Girls' Generation member Jessica will be starring in the upcoming episode of 'Running Man' on April 14th, where they will team up with the cast members for a 'Animal Kingdom' special.
Rupert Murdoch has vowed to charge for all the online content of his newspapers and television news channels, going well beyond his prediction in May that the company would test pay models on one of its stronger papers within the year.
A spokesman with the Virginia Beach Fire Department said a pet dog died in a trailer fire Monday morning.
Run of River Power Inc. today announced it has granted options to its non-management directors for the purchase of up to 200,000 common shares at a price of $0.10 per share.
Sep 23 It is actually pretty easy to decide when a child is ready to make the move from a booster seat to just a seatbelt.
Samsung announced its Wireless USB, designed as a system-on-chip which could very well be a standard accessory in modern mobile phones.
Weis Markets is now offering H1N1 vaccines through its in-house pharmacist immunizers and a third party provider in its stores in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York, New Jersey and West Virginia.
A 62-year-old American pastor was found bound and dead at a his double-storey house in Taman Sri Ukay here.
On October 18, acclaimed electro-pop/dream-pop/shoegaze act M83 released its sixth studio album, Hurry Up, We're Dreaming.
KingsIsle Entertainment today launched its second game Pirate101, the highly anticipated follow-up title to the massively successful Wizard101.
Hollywood star Jennifer Aniston has reportedly chosen her bridesmaids, but she has not asked any of her 'Friends' co-stars to step in.
Three striking Air India pilots were hospitalised today as their condition worsened on the fourth day of their indefinite fast demanding withdrawal of sack orders against 101 pilots and better career progression prospects.
A book on the history of Hyderabad Cricket Association, written by former player and cricket administrator PR Man Singh, was released by Andhra Pradesh assembly speaker KR Suresh Reddy.
A weekly reverse mortgage radio show is launching in Texas beginning Sunday, April 6 on Austin Talk Radio 1370 AM.
Multi-platinum selling singer Sophie Ellis Bextor will join 1980s duo Erasure for their Thetford Forest gig this summer.
eLand Holidays Pvt. Ltd has recently launched its redesigned website.
My friend Gavin just informed me that prog rock drummer Alan White of Yes fame will be joining the Seattle Symphony, Sunday for a performance of Stravinsky's The Firebird, which Yes fans apparently know from the band's live shows.
US auto fuel efficiency standards, flat for two decades, receive a welcome boost from the Obama administration.
Hilary Duff will release her first novel, Elixir, this fall, and the cover has just been revealed.
Irvine, Calif. Western Digital introduced Thursday an updated version of its WD TV Live, set-top media streamer which now adds built-in Wi-Fi capability.
Ricoh has released a firmware update for the GX100 which corrects three problems reported by users.
Milwaukee has declared a snow emergency beginning at 9:00 pm Tuesday night.
Education Minister Bandula Gunawardena yesterday said the IT literacy in Sri Lanka would be doubled within two years.
Two builders have been convicted of manslaughter and health and safety breaches, following the death of a 15-year-old labourer in April 2007.
Vattenfall Trading Services has founded a shipping company named VT Shipping A/S, located in Copenhagen.
Investigators believe a medical condition may have led to an overnight crash in Johnstown.
Today, US Senator Jim Risch commented today on the health care law currently being argued in the US Supreme Court.
Hashim Amla said he had ``no regrets'' about taking over the Proteas' captaincy but acknowledged that he still had a few things to learn in his new role.
ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. reports that it has closed the $51 million private placement announced on October 25, 2011 and November 9, 2011.
The Australian economy is expected to accelerate on the back of business investment over the next decade.
The Boston College women's ice hockey team fell to Vermont 5-1 on Saturday afternoon at Kelley Rink in Chestnut Hill, Mass.
Somali pirates have freed an Italian oil tanker hijacked in February with five Italians and 17 Indians on board after nearly 11 months in captivity, the Italian government says.
A Sacramento Elementary school will be closed Friday due to concerns about asbestos in the insulation.
Young offenders may face night curfews, shopping centre bans and strict school attendance requirements under a tough NSW plan to deal with troubled youths.
Albany residents urged to help in cancer study Albany Medical Center officials are urging people to take part in a nationwide study of the causes of cancer.
Independent lawmaker Baban Singh, who was arrested for his alleged involvement in the murder of Birgunj-based businessman, has been admitted to the hospital.
The ex-convict husband of a suspended Nevada state judge took a plea deal Friday and agreed to serve three to 10 years in state prison for attacking and seriously injuring his wife with a frying pan.
The rand weakened against the dollar on Friday as the greenback rose and after comments from the central bank that its recent gains may be overdone, while local stock futures were down.
Boulder County will pay $100,000 to buy mining claims that private owners retained when they sold what's now known as the Kraft Open Space properties to the county for $1,275,000 in 2002.
Hollywood culture trivialises menstruation, raising concerns about whether it is frightening girls into believing the experience is worse than the reality, according to a study.
An East Liverpool woman charged for harming her 1-year-old son pleaded guilty Friday to endangering children, a third-degree felony.
Besides DJ Hero, Activision also announced Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero for a Fall launch.
First Choice Power reminds Texas nonprofits and chambers of commerce that they have one month left to apply for a First Choice Power Reduce Your UseTM Grant.
Time Warner Cable announced on Monday that it had agreed to buy Insight Communications, a large Midwestern cable television operator, for about $3 billion in cash.
A youth from Maybon Township in Arakan died in a police interrogation cell recently, but his death was declared by the doctor to be a suicide, said a relative of the youth.
ENN Solar Energy, a China-based manufacturer of solar technologies and services, has announced extensive investment in European and American solar power plant projects.
In this case, Azerbaijani gas may be an alternative to Iranian gas, Turkish Deputy Minister of Energy and Natural Resources Murat Mercan said in an exclusive interview with Trend today.
Fairfax County police have arrested the second suspect in a Kingstowne robbery, according to a department press release.
Members of a US church group are now offering travellers ``polygamy tours'', which will enable them to have a look at life in a polygamous community.
BC-Ohio-House Race, 3rd Ld, CORRECTION,0216 Democrat wins central Ohio congressional race Eds:
​It wasn't Michael Jordan in Space Jam but Chris Bosh made his network acting debut Wednesday night on an episode of Law & Order:
A St. James City man died on Wednesday after a late-night motorcycle accident in Lee County.
Red Star Wild West and trainer/driver Jamie Gray avoided a four-horse accident and won a wild $42,200 Borden Park Final at Northlands Park on Saturday.
The CBI today responded to the launch of an aerospace industrial strategy and additional funding for other key sectors by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
China major automakers last Friday agreed to improve products quality and support domestic auto parts manufacturers after the summit meeting in the seventh China Automobile Fair, sources reported, citing Society of Automobile Engineers of China, as saying.
Abu Dhabi pledged continued crude supply to Japan after getting a $3 billion loan from a state- linked bank in the Asian country.
Tom Cruise and Suri Cruise spent their Thanksgiving holiday together in London, according to multiple reports.
UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi has undergone successful surgery in the US an undisclosed medical condition, Congress party spokesman said in New Delhi on Thursday.
Santiago, Apr 22 Chile today offered a platform for India to approach the huge Latin American markets and proposed a Free Trade Agreement with New Delhi to bolster bilateral trade and investment.
BrokersXpress has hired its first branch managers in a bid to lure more advisers away from large Wall Street firms, the independent broker-dealer said on Tuesday.
The foreign ministry has issued an orange travel alert for the Middle Eastern country of Bahrain.
European stocks declined for a third day as investors watched the US financial-reporting season amid concern that recent gains in share prices have overshot the earnings potential.
US President-elect Barack Obama arrived in Washington from Chicago, his home town, some two weeks before his inauguration on January 20.
In a recent interview with Edge Magazine, Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto recently cited uniqueness as the key principle to Nintendo's game design philosophy.
ABBA are set to release their first new song in eighteen years, which will be on the deluxe edition of their final 1981 album The Visitors.
TWO teenagers were viciously assaulted by a gang in Barbourne in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Austin Peay State University kicks off Homecoming 2009 this week with a ``Fear the Peay'' Halloween-themed smorgasbord of activities.
It's a tired old cliche, but a week is a long time in football and it has felt a little bit longer for anyone who gets sick of hearing about the 'magic' of the FA Cup.
Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah said Saturday that no case was pending against Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif regarding his competence, Geo news reported.
Russia will host a tiger preservation summit in Vladivostok in 2010, according to the Russian branch of World Wildlife Fund.
Music mogul Diddy was reportedly hospitalized this morning in regard to an extreme migraine that started at a Grammy party on Sunday night.
Coffee chain Starbucks Corp., which for years raised prices without any customer pushback, said Thursday that it is cutting prices for the first time on some drinks while boosting prices on others.
Special Assistant to Prime Minister Fawad Chaudhry said on Thursday that other state institutions consider judiciary a threat to them, therefore, it will have to change its attitude.
Media group Trinity Mirror said it has planned at least £20 million in cost savings this year although declines in advertising revenues should ease in 2010.
A 71-year-old Tehama County man faces prosecution on child molestation charges for the second time as a result of a federal grand jury indictment leveled against him.
The MV-22 Osprey, the Marines' unique tiltrotor aircraft, completed its first humanitarian mission in Haiti on Sunday, according to Marines from Camp Lejeune's 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit.
A teenager shot dead in a South London grocery shop last night was an innocent bystander in a gangland shoot-out, Scotland Yard said today.
Wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer says she is retiring immediately, bringing to an end one of sport's longest winning streaks and a career peppered with Grand Slam and Paralympic titles.
As he prepares for the gruelling Test series against Australia, Indian batting icon Sachin Tendulkar has been practising with a ``cricket enthusiast'', who has not even played a first-class game, during his net sessions.
Signature Styles, owner of catalog and internet retail sites including Spiegel, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, Reuters reported.
An Indian army soldier died in suspicious circumstances inside his camp at Baderwah area in violence-hit Kashmir.
Microsoft announced today that it would be buying VoIP provider Skype for $8.5 billion, Microsoft's most expensive acquisition to date.
Newcastle United goalkeeper Tim Krul branded Liverpool striker Andy Carroll a diver after victory yesterday.
Three mataqalis of Naitasiri received a timely payout for the settlement of their compensation for the Monasavu dam being situated on their land.
Kyle Busch has sped into auto racing history, becoming the third NASCAR driver to win 100 races.
Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi today said that he saw a role for maverick fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar in the ODI and Twenty20 Internationals.
An earthquake of 5.1 magnitude hit western Turkey on Thursday, Anatolia news agency reported, with no immediate reports of casualties or injuries.
Vice President George Kunda says government remains focused to develop all parts of the country.
A bankruptcy judge said Circuit City Stores Inc. can liquidate its remaining 567 US stores, including three in Maine.
The three men accused of setting fire to a Maury County mosque go on trial Tuesday.
Josh Romanski was drafted in the fourth round of the MLB draft by the Milwaukee Brewers.
A factory manager was found dead with his mouth, hands and feet bound with cloth at a beauty salon owned by his wife in Taman Puncak Jalil here last night.
Spices futures on Tuesday extended its gains on the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange as speculators indulged in enlarging positions, driven by lower stocks at exchange's warehouses and tight supplies in the physical markets.
Lance Armstrong will ride in support of Astana teammate Levi Leipheimer in the Giro d'Italia, saying he is not ready to contend for the title.
Even though mum is pretty much the word as far as this divorce is concerned, we've heard that R&B singer Usher has in fact, filed for divorce from his wife of almost two years, Tameka Foster.
The Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum announced today the support of Bank of America as a major partner of the museum.
Several new polls, including the latest Marquette Law School Poll, show President Barack Obama increasing his lead over Republican challenger Mitt Romney in Wisconsin.
A 19-year-old South Side man was charged tonight with the fatal stabbing of a 47-year-old family acquaintance, according to the Chicago Police Office of News Affairs.
Jewel has reportedly injured her knee while rehearsing for Dancing with the Stars, according to Contact Music.
Domestic handset maker SMobility on Wednesday announced the launch of its 'Stellar' range of devices, priced sub-Rs 12,000, as it aims to garner a larger share of the burgeoning smartphone segment in the country.
NW Christian Rap group Centerpeace launched their brand new online store.
Oil prices eased in Asian trade on Wednesday ahead of a key report on US energy stockpiles, dealers said.
The Queensland city of Rockhampton will stay flooded for a week and will be cut off from the state's south for several more days.
A MAN who left a glove behind at the scene of a burglary has been jailed after DNA linked him to the crime.
Afghan shoppers throng a market ahead of the Muslim festival of Eid-al-Fitr in Kabul September 9, 2010.
Guatemalans go to the polls Sunday in a presidential election that may bring to power a retired military general who promises an ``iron fist'' in fighting crime in one of the world's most violent peacetime countries.
The bodies of two men thought to be from the Mayo area, have been recovered from the water off Inishbofin in Co Galway.
FAIRFAX Media said today it would cut about 5 per cent of its workforce as part of a business improvement program to reduce costs.
Reliance Power, part of the Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group, Monday said its 3,960 MW Tilaiya ultra mega power project in Jharkhand has got approval for carbon credits from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
A onetime homeless man is headed to jail after he admitted to attacking another homeless man with a wooden ax handle in the Pottstown woods where they reportedly lived.
The City of Florissant will host a community development block grant public hearing Monday at 7 pm at Florissant City Hall.
A senior Pakistani diplomat in the Indian capital died of an electric shock in his residency while using a hairdryer in the bathroom, a colleague said on Monday.
The demolition of the Babri mosque was planned to the last detail and Justice MS Liberhan, who probed the matter, was told so, former BJP member of Parliament Ram Vilas Vedanti has said.
American Eagle Airlines will offer nonstop flights from Knoxville to Miami starting Nov. 19, the company announced Monday.
Nigeria, which narrowly avoided a diplomatic spat with Iran over the importation of military-grade weapons into the African nation, may report the illegals arms shipment from Iran to the UN Security Council Tuesday, the local media reported Monday.
This nutty woman in California who had octuplets absolutely disgusts me.
A World Bank delegation has arrived in Georgia to assess the damage in the aftermath of the invasion by Russian forces.
A Canadian warship opened fire on Libyan forces early Thursday morning, helping to thwart an attack in the port of Misrata, according to NATO.
PM promises flood recovery continues Updated: 08:04, Sunday February 12, 2012 Prime Minister Julia Gillard says the latest $1.9 billion instalment of flood recovery funding has been forwarded to the Queensland government.
Prudential will buy the US life insurer from Swiss Re, which will keep a stake in the business through reinsurance arrangements.
ASEAN makes progress on trade, not on sea disputes Southeast Asian leaders were upbeat Thursday about progress made on an ambitious plan to weld the region into a European Union-style economic community as a counterweight to Asian powerhouse China, while efforts were stalling on South China Sea disputes.
A new tropical depression has formed far out over the Atlantic with forecasters saying it will likely become a tropical storm.
General Motors Co. is recalling nearly 250,000 crossover vehicles worldwide to inspect second row seat belts that could be damaged and not latch.
An Afton native and 1998 Stillwater Area High School graduate is missing after a hiking trip turned ugly at the Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming.
``Currently I am enjoying judging 'Jhalak's...' season four.
A man found dead in a vacant lot in the Algiers neighborhood earlier this week has been identified as a 27-year-old New Orleans resident.
Cellist Julian Lloyd Webber is set to become a father for the second time at the age of 60.
The majority of the British public believes Prime Minister Gordon Brown should share the blame for the Iraq war with his predecessor Tony Blair, according to a survey yesterday.
Sex offenders who don't register their residence in Fountain County could face fines.
State Police will be cracking down on distracted drivers this month throughout the Chicago area as part of a joint effort.
11 people hospitalized after Moscow subway fire A rush-hour fire in Moscow's subway on Wednesday injured dozens of people, forced the evacuation of thousands of commuters and closed parts of the network, authorities said.
AP Business Writer TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts said Friday he is retiring from the online brokerage's board to focus on other business ventures, but the family will continue to hold two board seats.
Strayer University opened its business campus in Kansas City, and is looking to have 150 Kansas City students by this year, KCTV5 reports.
Hurricane Irene is moving away from Puerto Rico and is located at latitude 19 north, longitude 67.2 west.
``Investment demand for gold could remain intact in 2010 as the global central bankers doubt the role of the dollar as a global reserve currency.
Rome Italian ministers on Tuesday posted their salaries and assets online in an effort to boost transparency amid a crackdown on tax evasion.
Fans could be barred from the Gillingham versus Swindon clash at the Priestfield Stadium on April 21 due to a dispute on policing costs.
LG Electronics unveiled its first tablet, through T-Mobile USA, as it seeks to grab shares of the emerging tablet market from Apple .
Toyota has returned to profit, despite being dogged by safety concerns resulting in the recall of millions of its cars around the globe.
A UCO student was killed this week by an Oklahoma City automotive accident early Tuesday morning.
Right-hander Esmerling Vasquez was recalled from Triple-A Reno, replacing left-hander Doug Slaten, who was optioned down to Triple-A.
A satellite dish installer from Bryan, Texas, was electrocuted while on a service call in Louisiana.
AirAsia began its first day of service at Don Mueang International Airport yesterday by giving out 100 free seats to various destinations.
State-owned UCO Bank may cut its benchmark prime lending rate by 100 basis points, a top company official said here Tuesday.
Sterling hit a 3-1/2 month high against the dollar on Wednesday after Bank of England policymakers nudged the bar higher for more monetary easing, while it advanced on the euro after the European Central Bank injected a huge amount of cheap funds.
J. Alexander's Corporation earnings were down by more than two thirds in the first quarter of 2009 compared to the same period a year ago.
RBA governor Glenn Stevens says optimism has been the casualty of the world financial crisis and it is up to policymakers and private market participants to put the system back together.
``Cougar Town'' star Courteney Cox covers Harper's Bazaar April issue and discusses her failing marriage with husband David Arquette.
Kurt Busch won the exhibition Budweiser Shootout on Saturday when Denny Hamlin was disqualified for going below the out-of-bounds line at Daytona International Speedway in Florida.
Year-to-year existing home prices across the Valley dropped for a record 32nd straight month in October, while prices of foreclosure homes may have hit rock bottom, according to the latest Arizona State University-Repeat Sales Index.
New Delhi A slipper was hurled at sacked CWG organising committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi at a court complex here today by a 42-year-old former lawyer who claimed that he was ``sent by God'' to eradicate corruption.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said on Thursday that he believed integration of former Soviet Union states will be more powerful and deep.
Ms Gillard said increases to the youth allowance supported more students, 21,000 in the past year, to attend university.
Federal Industry Minister Tony Clement will hold a news conference in Toronto today to discuss the fluctuating cost of gasoline.
A 53-year-old Texas man was arraigned Monday in the Riverton Township stabbing of a 49-year-old Texas man Sunday.
Police have identified the body found floating in the St. Joseph River in South Bend on Friday.
The Danish central bank Thursday cut its key lending rate by 0.15 percentage point to defend the Danish krone, as the euro-zone debt crisis continues to lead investors to flood to the small Nordic country.
Nipissing University will offer a master's of education program, the first full-time graduate program in Brantford, beginning in September.
It's time to buy uggs boots trade now and many girls are complaining that their leg-types not refine.
European stocks dropped before Italy and Germany sell debt amid concern the euro-area debt crisis is deepening.
WARRINGTON crushed the Catalans with an awesome display orchestrated by half-backs Lee Briers and Michael Monaghan to book a Wembley return in this semi-final mismatch.
Edmonds police are investigating a possible attempted abduction after a 13-year-old boy was approached by a man Monday evening.
The Dow suffered its worst drop of 2010 yesterday as US stocks succumbed to fears that China's curbs on bank lending might jeopardize the global economic recovery, while IBM Corp.'s outlook sparked caution about the technology sector.
Two-time Grammy award-winning artist Fatman Scoop will perform at Jake's Nightclub's White Party on Saturday.
The Supreme Court ruled 8-1 on Thursday that petitions are public record and are exempt from secrecy.
Singapore opened today a new state-of-the-art airport terminal, with features including an indoor garden and waterfalls, in a bid to strengthen the city-state's status as a regional air hub.
Woolworths has bought the Hardware.com.au domain name for over $33,000 as the supermarket chain prepares for the launch of its hardware warehouse big-box chain with Lowe's hardware from the USA.
Madonna has beaten The Beatles to become the most played artist of the last decade in the UK.
A clinical psychologist explains suicide pact between couple and desperation.
Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has been admitted to the Ostrog academic fraternity on Tuesday, October 20.
AMHERST, Mass. ― Jordan Crawford scored 25 points to help Xavier defeat Massachusetts 87-79 on Wednesday night, staying on top the Atlantic 10 Conference and winning its fourth straight.
A Minnesota man has pleaded guilty to third-degree kidnapping charges after allegedly luring another man into a motel room, tying him up and demanding money.
Google Squared is live, and it's a lot of fun... albeit the info presented is far from always being accurate.
Tennessee Titans receiver Chris Davis has been charged with DUI after being stopped bypolice early Friday for speeding in downtown Nashville.
Waynesville Police Chief Bob Carter leads a 19-member department that works diligently to keep the community safe.
Sprint Nextel Corp. on Wednesday said it is selling over 3,000 mobile phone towers, mostly to TowerCo, in a deal that will pump out $670 million in cash.
WASHINGTON James R. Lilley, a longtime CIA operative and later the US ambassador to China during the time of the Tiananmen Square crackdown, has died.
A 56-year-old Richmond man was shot in both forearms early last night as he was walking in the 2000 block of Creighton Road, city police said.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said on Friday that talks with the United States on a new long-term security pact had reached a ``dead end'' because of US demands infringing Iraq's sovereignty.
*Former NBA player Javaris Crittenton has been accused of slapping his baby mama across the face as she was breastfeeding their 1-day old child, TMZ reports.
Brazil has criticized US oil giant Chevron for ignoring the risk of oil spills in the Frade Field, off Brazil's southeastern coast.
Danny Boyle''s `Slumdog Millionaire' has been honoured by The American Film Institute, whose 13 jury members have listed it as one of this year''s eight ``Moments of Significance in Film, TV and Web.''
It now seems that loss-making carrier Malaysia Airlines is going to launch a new regional premium carrier.
NY woman fatally choked niece, cops say A 25-year-old northern New York woman charged in the death of her 6-month-old niece has admitted to choking the baby after the infant became fussy, authorities said.
US swimmer Michael Phelps has made Olympic history, winning the 200IM gold at three Olympics.
The Texas Rangers, who have cut several staff members from their front office and may be sold, are offering a ticket discount for weekday games in August and September as they try to capture their first AL West title in 10 years.
Goldman Sachs, fighting to defend its reputation against fraud charges, has been hit with a £300,000 fine for failing to properly process equity trades in the US.
Arsenal defender William Gallas will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury sustained in the Gunners' 1-1 Champions League draw at Villarreal.
SafeNet announced that it has acquired Cryptocard, a privately held provider of cloud based authentication solutions.
The right to development should not be seen as a divisive concept, but as the means by which the human person, individually and collectively, can become the principal actor of his or her own destiny, said Ambassador Tamara Kunanayakam.
Two astronauts stepped outside the international space station Tuesday for an unprecedented clean and lube job on a gummed-up joint.
Patient dignity and comfort could be restored with newly designed gowns, 'bed pods' and modular toilets which have been launched by health minister Ann Keen.
British actress Minnie Driver is now a mother, as she gave birth to a son in Los Angeles last Friday.
Pierce Brosnan is to play a British prime minister in director Roman Polanski's political thriller 'The Ghost'.
She said: ``It's a little strange that I'm typically single a lot.
The Colorado Music Festival will present 'Music of Friends` on Monday, July 20, at 7:30 pm in the Stanley Hotel Concert Hall, part of the Estes Park Music Festival`s Sounds of Summer Series.
Taiwan's tennis stars set up an all-Taiwanese final in the Asian Games women's doubles yesterday in Guangzhou.
The small businesses in the area will suffer and ultimately close.
She is the latest super superstar in GB. Jessica Ennis heptathlon Olympics 2012 gold makes her hot property for endorsements.
Dead Space and the sequel could have been very different games if Visceral had not listened to focus groups.
Ukraine plans to reduce the tax burden on business to 30.9% of GDP in 2010, Deputy Finance Minister Tetiana Yefymenko said in Kyiv on Wednesday during a round table meeting dedicated to the issue of taxation in Ukraine: key problems and ways to solve them.
Crude oil prices eased back after setting a record above $147 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange Friday.
A woman pleaded guilty Tuesday to stealing Christmas donations from her co-workers.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 5 September/ TrendNews, corr R. Novruzov/ Monitoring Group of the Parliament Assembly of the Council of Europe will observe presidential elections in Azerbaijan despite opposition's appeal, Arif Mammadov, permanent representative of Azerbaijan to Council of Europe said to TrendNews by telephone.
The Big Brother 2012 housemates enjoyed a pool party yesterday after passing their 'Spin Break' task.
On Saturday, El Paso hit a record high temperature of 92 degrees.
2013-04-11T16:18:37Z 2013-04-12T06:08:35Z Wis. teen ordered to pay $70K in fatal crash La Crosse Tribune A 19-year-old Campbellsport woman has been ordered to pay more than $70,000 in restitution for an SUV crash that killed three of her friends in 2011.
Rosamund Pike, who was last week said to be in contention for a role in Zack Snyder's Superman reboot, has joined Wrath of the Titans.
Author and anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan will be making a return visit to Eureka Springs next Thursday as part of a national tour to promote her latest booklet, ``Myth America: 10 Greatest Myths of the Robber Class and the Case for Revolution.''
Andy Murray eased into the second round of the Monte Carlo Masters on Monday as he beat Spain's Feliciano Lopez 7-6 6-4.
The second Alicia Cooper Memorial Walk/5k run will be at 9 am Saturday in Tuscora Park.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday sent New Year greetings to the presidents of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
ToolWatch Corporation recently released its Application Programming Interface to give users of ToolWatch Enterprise and other ToolWatch products access to their behind-the-scenes data.
The US dollar rose to the mid-100 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo on gains by Japanese stocks.
David E. Rumelhart, whose computer simulations of perception gave scientists some of the first testable models of neural processing and proved helpful in the development of machine learning and artificial intelligence, died Sunday in Chelsea, Mich. He was 68.
Sky Wings Airlines , the Greek airline with Ukrainian minority shareholding, on 21 July launched a weekly service between its base in Athens and Lviv in western Ukraine.
LiveTV, a provider of live in-flight entertainment and connectivity systems for commercial airlines, has selected EMS' Formation business unit to provide rugged data storage for up to 1,000 aircraft that are deploying LiveTV systems, EMS announced April 20.
The impact of the global economic crisis on Azerbaijan is temporary, said the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev during his speech before the residents of Ganja, where he visited, AzTV television channel reported.
HE'S battled drugs and various other demons and now, at the ripe age of 43, Jason Donovan is making a musical comeback.
Cameroon have appointed Volker Finke as head coach of the national team, the German tasked with ensuring the Indomitable Lions qualify for the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil.
A judge Thursday denied a bid to release two Aptos brothers accused of molesting two girls pending resolution of their cases.
Tunisia has recalled its ambassador to Syria for 'consultations', an official source at the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday.
ABB has won an order from Italy-based transmission system operator, Terna, to supply a synchronous compensator solution for the Codrongianos power station in northern Sardinia.
Five persons were today charred to death when a van caught fire and rammed into a roadside tree at Seethur, about 75 km from here, police said.
Recently, I saw a sign that read, ``Teachers who love teaching, teach children to love learning.''
The saga that is Brett Favre continues with more revelations from Green Bay Packers General Manager Ted Thompson and head coach Mike McCarthy.
A body has been found in the trunk of a car in the middle of a busy Wal-Mart parking lot on Eastern near Patrick.
Harte-Hanks Inc. said it has received a multi-year deal to support Modell's Sporting Goods and the retailer's customer interaction strategy across multiple platforms.
With bad weather threatening, the Xavier baseball team split its doubleheader at Rhode Island Saturday, falling 3-2 in the first game and taking the nightcap, 7-6.
A senior Russian diplomat has strongly warned the West against an attack on Iran, saying that it would upset global security.
Cuba and the United States held a new round of migration talks here on Friday, which focused on migration agreements between the two countries, according to an official press release.
Victoria Beckham has designed a unique crocodile skin handbag for Selfridges' Christmas collection that comes with a giant price tag of 8,995 pounds.
``I didn't have a childhood. Growing up, seeing Planned Parenthood, it was considered like the abortion clinic,'' Katy said.
``I'm like a running back that has the ball and I'm looking for openings,'' he says.
A lockdown at two Edinburg elementary schools has been lifted.
Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw is sitting out his second straight practice with a foot injury that appeared on the injury report after the 49ers game.
Eddie Murphy is joining Ben Stiller and Alan Alda in the Brett Ratner-directed Tower Heist at Universal Pictures.
The new federal consumer watchdog has taken aim at debt collectors, proposing regulations that would give it authority to supervise companies such as Asta Funding Inc. in Englewood Cliffs.
Singer Katy Perry has joined the league of artists like NERD and Esteele by designing a signature line for the ''Fashion against AIDS'' campaign.
Seve Ballesteros died in the early hours of today after a long battle with brain cancer.
Photo by WENN Lil Wayne has revealed that he drunk his much-loved syrup which he fondly titled ``sizzurp'' because he was sick and not to get high.
A Victor woman is accused of injuring a man by hitting him in the head with an empty wine bottle, Ontario County deputies said.
Interim Councilmember Sekou Biddle, who is fighting to keep his seat in the upcoming April 26 special election, raked in over $53,000 in campaign contributions this month, more than doubling any of his challengers.
The first death anniversary of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati passed off peacefully in Kandhamal district today with no untoward incident anywhere.
Fresh from the 2012 Summer Olympics, Ryan Lochte spent a long weekend living large on the Las Vegas Strip.
State Bank of India , the country's largest lender, expects the government to inject capital ``any time'', although it is yet to get a formal commitment on the amount, a senior official said on Friday.
Air Products announced today that it has been awarded the ``Supplier Excellence Award'' by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, the largest semiconductor foundry in the world.
Ten British schoolchildren have enjoyed a dream trip to the White House to meet First Lady Michelle Obama.
Lawmakers in Afghanistan said on Tuesday that 2,000 Afghan youths were ready to go to Gaza to defend Palestinians from Israeli attacks, warning the strikes could lead to a worldwide Muslim uprising.
India expects to explore new grounds in the overseas job scenario through increasing number of mobility partnerships with newer nations especially Europen.
On the day he leaves Microsoft to work for his pet social sector projects, software pioneer Bill Gates today announced a $ 23 million grant to India to control the scourge of HIV/AIDS in the country.
Gov. Sarah Palin called her critics cowards and jerks Friday for deriding her anonymously and insisted she never asked for the expensive wardrobe purchased for her use on the presidential campaign.
Pakistan is protesting an Indian attack on a military post along the countries' disputed border in Kashmir.
Stocks slid for a fourth day Friday on more worries about how Europe is handling its debt crisis.
Industrialist Anil Ambani on Tuesday marked a surprise presence in the Supreme Court where a dispute is being heard over supply of gas to his group company Reliance Natural Resources Ltd from Reliance Industries Ltd, led by his brother Mukesh Ambani.
The likelihood of Perth sweating through a 50 degree summer sometime in the future is ``quite high,'' according to new research released on Thursday.
Gordon Brown has urged EU leaders to slash taxes on ``green'' household goods in a bid to tackle climate change.
Oil prices fell to near $81 a barrel Tuesday on expectations a frigid cold spell in parts of the US, Europe and Asia will ease in coming weeks, weakening crude demand.
The British government says Prime Minister Gordon Brown and President Barack Obama have talked about Afghanistan over the telephone.
Bahraini opposition leaders pleaded not guilty in court on Thursday to charges of belonging to a terrorist group and attempting to overthrow the monarchy, state news agency BNA reported.
Trainer Larry Jones announced that he is coming out of self-imposed retirement as a trainer and will take over the reins of the barn that has been in the hands of his wife, Cindy, for the past year.
The City of Lacey hired a new public affairs and human resources director to replace retiring director Merri Lannoye.
Mayor Tom Menino is standing by his decision to ban the construction company involved in a catastrophic gas explosion in Hyde Park from work in Boston.
A 22-year-old jobless youth committed suicide at his China Scheme residence on Saturday.
UPA government at the Centre never discriminated against Punjab and the state always got its due, Union Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal has said, rejecting the Shiromani Akali Dal's often repeated charge.
Inflation is growing at its fastest rate on record as petrol prices reach new heights and economists say an interest rate cut by Christmas is now looking less likely.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said it is taking legal action against another four airlines over alleged price fixing between early 2003 and 2006, Dow Jones reported.
Prison officials around the country are on high alert following two violent riots at a correctional facility in the Free State in the past 24 hours.
President Barack Obama will attend a memorial service today at Fort Hood in honor of the 13 people killed last week in the worst mass shooting ever on a US military installation.
A man in Alabama is said to have stolen military grenades from Fort Benning.
A woman set herself on fire at a Miami mall Thursday, then walked around engulfed in flames as shocked shoppers watched, authorities said.
Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp admitted he feared the worst when he saw Fabrice Muamba collapse at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
The housing authority's executive director will retire in May, ending a nine-year career marked by both success and controversy.
Canadian rocker Bryan Adams is about to become a father for the first time at the age of 51, his spokeswoman said on Monday.
One is the agreement whereby Japan will bear much of the cost of relocating 8,000 US Marines -- and their families -- from Okinawa to Guam by 2014.
Microsoft is looking to sell in excess of $3 billion worth of Cloud services in collaboration with EDS, an HP company.
It also fined the bank's Money Laundering Reporting Officer £17,500 for failings in performance of the money laundering reporting controlled function.
Pregnancy brings with it many surprises as your body changes, especially the first time around.
The Canadian AIDS Society calls for social justice in HIV as people living with HIV/AIDS assemble to attend the annual PLWHIV/AIDS Forum and the CAS annual general meeting.
But Adler Planetarium is planning to boost general admission fees by $2 across the board, pending approval from the Chicago Park District, the Sun-Times reports.
Luke Donald, a model of consistency in his recent climb to world No 1, said on Sunday a busy schedule left him too burned out to give his best at this week's US Open.
The Terengganu government approved 28 housing projects for the hardcore poor between April last year and last month, with an allocation of RM492.8 million, Menteri Besar Datuk Ahmad Said told the state assembly on Tuesday.
5 major rental car companies agree on recall plan US Sens. Charles Schumer of New York and Barbara Boxer of California say five major rental car companies have agreed to stop leasing and selling vehicles under safety recalls.
Global gold demand in Q1 2012 was 1,097.6 tonnes, down 5% from the high demand levels seen in Q1 2011, according to the World Gold Council's Gold Demand Trends report.
A Fountain City teenager accused of four felonies in connection with a robbery that resulted in the death of a Richmond man is asking for a bond reduction.
Students raised more than $2,300 for THON at Penn State Brandywine by hosting several fun, campus events in honor of THON Spirit Week.
Iran will accept the broad framework of a UN-brokered uranium deal but wants ``very important changes,'' state television said Tuesday, adding Tehran will offer its formal response within 48 hours.
X Factor judge Cheryl Cole is to cover a Britney Spears song on her forthcoming album, according to reports.
Vestas has announced that it will open an engineering site in Louisville, Colo., to support global operations and enhance the company's wind power production capabilities throughout North America.
Kelly Preston has pulled out of a public speaking engagement, saying she's not ready to talk about the tragic death of her son.
News Corp. chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch on Thursday filed for divorce from wife Wendi Deng Murdoch.
Leonard Rosenman, an Oscar-winning film composer who helped introduce avant-garde music to Hollywood movie scores, died on Tuesday in Woodland Hills.
Ball State men's golf team is ranked 31st in the nation in this week's national poll.
The man was standing inside the container when the 2ft-wide and 8ft-long cylinder fell on his left leg.
Former Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna was on Friday arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation along with the brother of a ruling Congress MLA in the Bhanwari Devi abduction case.
Amzer, a global leader in the manufacturing of smartphone and tablet accessories, announces new accessories that will be available for the Motorola Atrix including cases, screen protectors, cables, and chargers.
Nauru is to privatise security services provided for government and state-owned sites from September this year.
Shane Company has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, saying the business suffered a disappointing holiday season.
Minister for Research and Innovation, Sean Sherlock TD, has announced that a Government-sponsored free seminar, titled 'Building a Business on Your Ideas' will be coming to Kilkenny City next month.
The Baltimore Orioles activated shortstop JJ Hardy from the 15-day disabled list Tuesday and designated reliever Josh Rupe for assignment.
Two Hamilton men arrested early Monday morning are in federal custody on meth charges.
APA-Rabat ``The Association of missing people of Polisario'' has accused the south-west Algeria-based Polisario Front of ``illegal practices'' against women, challenging the international community to act to end this ``ordeal''.
World champion boxer MC Mary Kom will spearhead the Indian challenge in the women's Asian Cup to be held in Haikou, China from on Thursday.
Portland police are investigating an alleged case of human trafficking that unfolded at a North Portland motel.
With talks of Stalin being arrested, Kanimozhi, the DMK MP and accused in 2G scam arrived in Chennai airport at 1.30pm today.
Five US soldiers were killed in central Iraq on Monday, the US military said in a statement.
Chennai, May 18 Pharmaceuticals company Orchid has reported consolidated net profit at Rs 156.18 crore for the year ending March 31, 2011.
The NBA suspended guard OJ Mayo for 10 games without pay on Thursday for violating the league and union's anti-drug program with a positive doping test.
As part of Peace Corps Week 2013, US Rep. Joe Kennedy III, whose 4th district includes Attleboro, on Thursday introduced his first bill as a congressman.
Stoke City chairman Peter Coates has warned Premier League managers that they now face a much shorter time in jobs than ever before.
Second seeded Fernando Verdasco suffered a early exit from Memphis as he went down 6-7 3-6 against Jeremy Chardy of France in the first round of the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday invoked Mahatma Gandhi and said the best way to define good governance was with Gandhiji's talisman.
But on Robinson's first day in Celtics green, Lil' Him indirectly knocked D'Antoni while praising Boston's Doc Rivers.
On Feb. 7, 2013, DressFirm.com, a leading online store for wedding dresses and special-occasion dresses from China, launches an evening dress promotion with great discounts for the USA market to expand its online market share.
Oil fell below $75 a barrel on Thursday, beginning the second half of the year on a weak note after falling nearly 5% in the first half, as signs of slowing economic growth in China fuelled energy demand doubts.
Steve on Hinch 'didn't identify' pedophiles I and others are over all this drama,getting a bit like the Saints soapy,as in tune in tomorrow for the next episode...
A day after Union Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee alleged CPI of forming suicide squad to kill her, Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has said that there would be adequate security arrangement will be provided to her.
``Barefoot bandit'' Colton Harris-Moore, a notorious teenage fugitive who has been on the run for nearly two years, was arrested in the Bahamas, according to media reports Monday.
The Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas postponed his visit to the Czech Republic , due to unexpected developments.
A Glens Falls man is charged with Welfare Fraud after failing to accurately report his total household income.
A grand jury indicted Omnisource Corp. with eight charges including three counts of corrupt business influence and five counts of attempted receipt of stolen property, the Marion County prosecutor announced today.
I'm 16 years old and my problem is with my older sister -- she keeps stealing my boyfriends.
An elderly Durango man has been found dead in a snowdrift just in front of his house.
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals says it will lay off 276 workers in Puerto Rico due to a company restructuring and a drop in demand for locally manufactured products.
The Grand Rapids Junior Gold hockey team picked up a pair of impressive wins recently.
Louisiana lawmakers Saturday applauded the historic agreement to cut $38.5 billion in federal spending, saying the last-minute budget deal sets the tone for upcoming fights to cut even more.
Poet Sugathakumari has expressed solidarity with the Wayside Shady Tree Protection Campaign held here on Monday.
Former UCLA forward Reeves Nelson will be invited to the Lakers training camp that begins in early October after he signs a one-year, non-guaranteed contract, potentially worth about $700,000 with the team, Nelson told The Times on Tuesday.
Bill Cowher wants to teach men about melanoma, a disease the ravages of which he knows all too well.
The Philippines on Friday launched a ';fun'; tourism campaign, more than a year after canning a campaign widely criticized for its boring slogan and a website that could be confused with a porn site.
BMW expects to have six cars on the grid for the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters in 2012 when the new rules come in to force.
A kite surfer suddenly lifted into the air by a southerly breeze and dragged through bushes and a fence nearly ``peeled off half his face'' when he slammed into a street-sign pole, a Sydney lifesaver says.
A new survey by the International Committee of the Red Cross shows war and armed violence take an alarming toll on civilians in conflict-affected countries around the world.
TWO senior Crisis in Zimbabwe Coalition officials quit in a huff amid internal feuding allegedly fuelled by political meddling in the group's projects by some influential MDC-T officials.
-Rochester Police responded to a shooting at 22 ½ Oscar Street around 2 pm Monday, where a man shot himself in the face.
The Australian rugby player Matt Giteau has been offered nearly 12 million dollars to play club rugby in France.
Highly upset Mr. Bachchan threatened to quit twitter and blog, if it continues to show problem.
Some Region 8 students will soon be getting a lesson in conserving energy from the people who know about it.
Alexis Stroud, Manager, Regulatory Compliance, QPharma, Inc. was honored as an industry Rising Star by the Healthcare Businesswomen's Association, at its 21st annual Woman of the Year award luncheon, Thursday, May 6, at the New York City Hilton, with satellite to a breakfast event in San Francisco.
US Supreme Court Justices appear divided Monday in a lethal injection case that could affect the way the death penalty is carried out in Montana.
The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said a man broke into his ex-girlfriend's Sun City home Friday and stabbed her current boyfriend.
Nigerian health workers will begin an open-ended strike this week, joining primary and secondary teachers whose own strike has entered a third week, officials said Monday.
Windy conditions cause damage and power outages early Wednesday morning.
Gov. Rick Scott has vetoed a bill that would have ended permanent alimony in Florida.
A trial date of Aug. 24 has been set for a Jackson County man accused of killing his ex-wife and hiding the body.
The Indians announced this afternoon at 1:30 that they have acquired infielder Mark DeRosa from the Chicago Cubs for minor-league pitchers Jeff Stevens, Chris Archer and John Gaub.
A CHESHUNT man has been jailed for 21 months after attempting to blackmail a man for £15,000 by posing as a teenage girl online.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Monday were mostly big miners, with goldmining a particular focus.
England has emerged as the frontrunner to host the Indian Premier League after the announcement that the lucrative Twenty20 tournament will be moved because of security concerns.
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet said Thursday that US 60 near the Union-Henderson County line in eastern Union County has reopened.
The Indian team on Saturday began their three-day training camp ahead of their Test series against Australia starting next week with a three hour-long practice session, with senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar returning in the mix after his retirement from ODI cricket.
Oil prices rose yesterday as the market reacted to potential supply disruptions in Nigeria and Iran, while keeping a watch over fresh eurozone strains after last week's ratings downgrades, analysts said.
A soldier who was badly injured in Afghanistan has been reunited with the medic who bravely saved his life.
A Lyford woman said she won an iPad thanks to signing up for ``bonus entries'' on a contest from Action 4 News.
Angelina Jolie is set to play her mom in a biopic about Jolie's mother, Marcheline Bertrand, that will start production next year.
R&B singer Chris Brown has been charged with two felonies following an alleged attack on his pop star girlfriend Rihanna last month, the Los Angeles District Attorney's office announced on Thursday.
On Saturday, Libyans head to voting polls to caste a vote that would elect a temporary 20 member legislative assembly, which would in turn select a national cabinet and its prime minister.
The Mega Millions winning numbers for January 27, 2012, were 3, 5, 30, 36, 48, the Mega Ball number was 23, and the Megaplier was 4.
A judge has declared millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett legally dead, five months after his plane disappearedFossett vanished in September after taking off in a light plane, and a long search produced no trace of him.
Russ Christianson, the veteran NDP candidate in Northumberland Quinte West says Stephen Harper should halt his free trade negotiations with the EU during this election.
AP Sep 27, 2010 07:46:45 AM Poland's military says a Polish soldier has died of injuries sustained when a land mine exploded under his patrol vehicle in Afghanistan.
Illinois voters will get a chance to decide whether they want the power to recall corrupt, incompetent governors.
Osh City Hall reported to 24.kg news agency that victims of June events are protesting in South capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Friday: up two cents or 0.6 per cent to $3.22 down 0.5 cents or 0.13 per cent to $3.60 Australand has rejected an offer from fellow property company GPT Group for its commercial and industrial and investment property portfolio.
After a slight drop in 2009, the market share of Québec insurers climbed to 51.7% in 2011, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over 2010.
During a speech in Davos, Switzerland, Gilani announced that the US drone attacks resulted in a ``trust deficit'' between Islamabad and Washington.
Windows will need to be running on ARM processors by 2013, according to an ARM executive.
UK employers are estimated to have paid out £4.4 billion in redundancy payments over the last year, according to law firm Wedlake Bell.
A US District Court in Indiana found the transfer of interests in a LLC to children did not qualify for the annual gift tax exclusion because the interests were considered ``future'' rather than ``present'' interests in property due to operating agreement restrictions on the children's rights relating to the property.
Kings Of Leon's Caleb Followill has been urged by bandmates to check into rehab as they are concerned about his drinking.
HP has sued one of its former executives for allegedly stealing documents that could then be shared with the computer firm's competitors.
After withdrawing support on the Congress-led UPA government, Mamata Banerjee is now attempting to split the Congress in West Bengal.
Ethiopia and China urged developing countries to have common stand at next climate talks to be held in Cancun, Mexico, later this year, reports ENA.
Macedonia's prime minister has declared victory in the country's parliamentary election after a vote that was marred by gunbattles that left one person dead.
A WOMAN and her two children were treated for smoke inhalation at Royal Perth Hospital after fleeing from their burning house last night.
Yesterday, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner made the dubious assertion that the government does not create jobs.
After losing $16 million a year in state funding for its trauma center, University Hospital could face another $16 million cut -- in Medicaid money used to pay and train residents, doctors preparing to practice in specific areas.
In January, Money Marketing, Fund Strategy's sister publication, revealed that Transact is reducing its platform charges and taking steps to prepare the business for a full stockmarket listing.
Gabagool, the cartoon about the 30 something nerd Christopher Vigliotti by Mike Dawson and Chris Radtke, as covered on TV tonight can now be read online.
Stocks ended mixed as investors sort through conflicting signs about the direction the economy is taking.
Twilight star Kristen Stewart recently cut her hair into a shorter crop.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, seen here in April 2010, revealed that he expects to pledge his future to the Gunners by signing a new contract shortly.
Wayman Tisdale, a former NBA player and Olympian, has died.
Church buildings no longer occupied by the Catholic Diocese are now being seen as an asset to some neighborhoods.
Bayern Munich midfielder Franck Ribery will miss Saturday's Bundesliga match at Eintracht Frankfurt because of an ankle injury.
During the session, Ahmad Muqowam, the chairman of House Commission IV overseeing agriculture, plantations, fisheries maritime affairs, food and forestry, said the new law capped foreign ownership at 30 percent, in efforts to provide more opportunities to domestic investors in the horticulture sector.
A Mexia man is facing multiple charges under a combined $35,000 bond, while investigators continue to sort out happenings which led to his arrest.
The Olympus E-450 is a new Micro Four Thirds camera that gives users not only camera body, but also two interchangeable lenses for under $700.
Whitehall High School graduate Dan Koppen was reportedly cut by the New England Patriots today as the team released players to get its roster to the NFL roster limit of 53.
A local woman was recently arrested for allegedly assaulting a Walmart employee after he tried to stop her from stealing.
SARA BAREILLES is set to release her new album, 'Kaleidoscope Heart', tomorrow.
Former child television star Gary Coleman pleaded guilty Monday to a misdemeanor criminal mischief charge related to a domestic violence incident last April.
The once-a-month court closures initiated last year as part of the state judiciary's strategy to save money will end next month.
Bruno has brought his media circus to the streets of Sydney, with the red carpet premiere of his movie bringing out thousands of screaming fans, desperate for a glimpse of the gay fashionista.
MCP will remain in opposition and only support government when it brings good policies in tandem with wishes of Malawians, the party's parliamentarians have resolved.
Hollywood star Megan Fox, who is reportedly pregnant with her first child with husband Brian Austin Green, was spotted with a growing baby bump during an outing.
Egypt will see a total of 10.5 million tourist visits by the end of 2011, bringing in a total $9.5 billion in revenue, according to the country's tourism minister.
PLANS to double the size of Wallyford moved a step closer to reality on Tuesday, when East Lothian councillors removed a key obstacle in the planning process.
TCF Financial Corp, the parent of TCF National Bank , said it filed a notice with the US Treasury to pay back $361.2 million of TARP money it got in November last year, citing public perception that views banks who took TARP money as weak.
Ontario police will use the popular social networking tool Twitter to communicate more effectively with residents, Chief Rodney Smith said.
SpringSource announced on Monday that it had acquired open source system monitoring vendor Hyperic for an undisclosed sum.
Japanese mobile operator Emobile is collaborating with Orix Auto to offer netbooks and mobile data cards with car rentals.
Ten Romanian police officers sent to France to help with Roma policy will be deployed where Romanians have previously been accused of crimes, said a French police memo obtained by AFP Friday.
Model Rheagan, 19, is alleged to have sent a chilling warning to Williamina McFarlane, saying: ``You started it, and I will very much end it for both of you.''
A Summersville woman was hurt Sunday night in a crash north of West Plains on US 63, the Missouri State Highway Patrol said.
Checa hits back to win race two Updated: 23:05, Sunday February 26, 2012 Reigning superbikes world champion Carlos Checa bounced back from a massive crash in race one to easily win the second race at Phillip Island on Sunday.
The Guana dam just off Highway A1A in St. Johns County will reopen to fishing this weekend.
OSHA will inspect hundreds of companies where flammable dust is present.
The European Commission is investigating the issue of medicine prices in Malta, Labour MEP John Attard Montalto said.
Top lenders SBI and ICICI on Monday hiked their lending rates by 50 basis points, which will make existing home, auto and commercial loans expensive.
UCLA considers creating coed dorms for the next school year, but not for the unholy reasons you may think.
World powers met in Germany on Wednesday to review their Iran strategy, the first such meeting since US President Barack Obama took office vowing to talk directly with Tehran about its nuclear program.
Britain raised its terrorist threat level specific to major transport hubs, including airports and London railway terminals, from substantial to severe, a report said on Friday.
It is also asking housing associations to extend the opportunity into their local communities by sponsoring a tenant to take part.
Bonding systems and solutions supplier Scapa has made a positive start to the year with first quarter revenues in line with forecasts and ahead of last year.
Vimpelcom investor Farimex has dropped its Russian court case against Norway's Telenor, its lawyer, Dmitry Chyorny, told Reuters on Friday.
The Screen Actors Guild rejected the latest contract offer from Hollywood studios on Thursday but said it was willing to negotiate and presented a counterproposal.
For the third weekend in a row, snow is falling across the Piedmont Triad.
``I have never even tried (to get pregnant) so please stop discussing my ovaries LOL,'' she tweeted at fans who had been wondering aloud about her status.
The Good Charlotte frontman married fashion designer-and-TV star Nicole Richie, his girlfriend of four years, in front of 130 close friends and family at Nicole's father Lionel Richie's huge Beverly Hills home on Saturday but Joel admitted he had no idea an elephant was on the guest list.
Philadelphia Phillies ace Roy Halladay has been put on the disabled list because of a strained right shoulder and is expected to be out of the rotation for six to eight weeks.
A New Orleans attorney is accusing a client of fraud and breach of contract in a lawsuit filed after the client allegedly breached an attorney fee agreement and contract.
Mississippi Senate leaders said longtime state Sen. Jack Gordon of Okolona has died.
Crews were out with heavy equipment in the Northwest side of the valley Thursday, near Grand Canyon and Farmer, cleaning up debris in order to keep storm drains clear, to take in rain water running down the street.
Sculptors from around the world are to compete for a place in Grenada's underwater sculpture park, which has become a major tourist attraction.
The Town of High River's newly named Business and Tourism Development Office plans on celebrating small business week all month.
JOHANNESBURG South African unions have accepted the government's wage offer after months of intense negotiations and a debilitating three-week strike by civil servants.
Ukraine's parliament will hold a vote of no confidence in the government of Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko on Wednesday, a spokeswoman for the assembly's speaker said on Monday.
Apparel maker VF Corp. on Tuesday declared a regular quarterly dividend of 59 cents, payable on Sept. 18 to shareholders of record as of Sept. 8.
A day after District 14 Councilmember José Huizar made his first public appearance at a candidates forum in Hermon along with Eagle Rock businessman Rudy Martinez, his main political opponent in the March 8 City Council elections, the Martinez campaign accused Huizar of maintaining a ``personal slush fund'' that he ``misappropriated'' to pay ``outrageous salaries'' to his staff and then used ``City of Bell style tactics to hide the misuse of funds from the public.''
Jake Westbrook, who signed a two-year, $16.5 million contract to stay with the Cardinals earlier this week, is currently recovering from surgery on his non-throwing shoulder.
Over 600 swimmers from 24 club teams will converge on Sulphur at the Sulphur Parks and Recreation and Aquatic Center starting today for the Louisiana Swimming Short Course State Championships sponsored by Jeff Davis Bank.
Pakistan has blocked access to YouTube because of ``sacrilegious'' content in a growing internet crackdown against sites believed offensive to the country's majority Muslim population.
Medvedev and Brown discussed the preparation of the financial crisis summit of the Group of Twenty to be held in Washington on November 15.
Police on the state's far south coast are investigating the theft of a large number of exotic animals from a Merimbula warehouse.
A man walked away unscathed after a train hit his truck in the South Island this morning.
Lauryn Hill has pleaded guilty to not filing income tax returns from 2005 to 2007.
Consumer personal spending rose 0.2% July, as buyers took advantage of the government's ``cash for clunkers'' program to trade in old cars for new ones, the Commerce Department said Friday.
One Direction enjoy being flashed by fans in the US.
More than one third of adults across the Emirates suffer from allergic rhinitis, which causes nasal blockage, sneezing, runny nose, and irritation, according to the first UAE study of its kind published ahead of the International Gulf Thoracic 2010 conference, which kicks-off in Abu Dhabi today.
Residents in the Monroe area are being asked to conserve water, all because of the deep freeze hitting the area.
Sunderland chief Steve Bruce has paid an emotional tribute to the late Sir Bobby Robson.
Consumer NZ is today launching a telecommunications comparison website which enables consumers to find the best deals from telecommunications and ISP providers.
After some not so subtle tweeting on his part yesterday, it has been confirmed that Justin Bieber will be both hosting and performing on Saturday Night Live in February.
A compound found in green tea may provide the key to treating prostate cancer, according to a new study.
``Ethanol and biodiesel are the best fuels on the road today, and we're just getting started.
AP Writer Pop star Stevie Wonder had a hotter debut Thursday as a UN peace envoy than he expected.
A new community health center for Maine's York County that will serve 6,000 patients a year is scheduled to open in January.
The Wolverhampton-based building and support services firm Carillion has said that it is looking for more opportunities in Middle East to report an adequate growth rate for the financial year.
Citigroup posted a $5.11 billion quarterly loss Friday and said it will cut another 9,000 jobs after suffering billions of writedowns tied to mortgages, other debt and the slumping economy.
An elderly woman was struck and killed by a car in Columbia City Friday morning.
Palo Verde defeats Centennial twice for the 4A softball title in Las Vegas on May 21, 2011.
The Green Bay Packers, a non-profit corporation in the smallest market in the National Football League, are worth more than $1 billion, according to Forbes magazine.
Police are investigating two separate armed robberies, one with a shooting, on the city's East Side.
The Pacers remain winless after dropping 8-5 decision to the London Blue Devils, Friday night before 360 fans at the Clearwater Arena.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said on Friday that China has enjoyed the fastest growth of new energy and renewable energy, and has the largest area of man-made forests in the world.
AN ELDERLY couple and a have-a-go hero were rescued by fire crews after a house blaze.
Pitman, a leading supplier to the graphic communications and wide/grand format graphics printing industries, has unveiled its new website: www.pitman.com.
Mortgage lending activity has continued to recover over the last month, it has been revealed.
AVA INFERI will enter the studio in November to begin recording their third album, ``Blood of Bacchus,'' which will include songs entitled ``Fireflies,'' ``A Witch she was, the Witch I am,'' ``Lights,'' ``Last Sign of Summer,'' and ``All the Colours of the Dark''.
A Shreveport native and former assistant press secretary for President George W. Bush has become the CEO of a Baton Rouge-based baseball bat company.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Tuesday denied meeting a purported top Taliban negotiator as claimed by The New York Times.
The Federal Minister for States and Frontier Regions, Najamuddin Khan has said 1.7 million registered Afghan refugees residing in Pakistan would be sent back to their country with dignity.
Commonwealth Games Federation CEO Mike Hooper on Thursday refused to take any blame for the mess in which the Delhi Commonwealth Games finds itself, saying India alone is responsible for all the problems surrounding the mega event.
A MOTORCYCLIST has died after crashing into a van near Ashchurch in Tewkesbury yesterday evening.
Trash-picking police made two drug arrests Wednesday after finding trace amounts of cocaine in the garbage of a downtown apartment.
Himfr.com, one of China's leading B2B search platforms with more than 30 B2B industry websites to its name, analyzes the digital camera market.
Dwayne Bravo rescued the Mumbai Indians from a seemingly hopelessly position and inspired them to a dramatic two-run win over the Royal Challengers Bangalore in a Champions League Twenty20 match at Kingsmead on Sunday night.
US actor John Goodman, who recently debuted a much trimmer physique, says he was nearly 400 pounds at his heaviest.
BIG SUR, Calif. A rock slide is blocking two lanes on Highway 1 near Big Sur.
A Syrian military helicopter came down in flames in Damascus today as President Bashar al-Assad's air force strafed and bombarded rebel-held districts in the capital and in Aleppo.
WHEN I walk down the tunnel of ANZ Stadium with a NSW jersey on for the last time tonight, I'll be thinking what I always think at that moment: ``I'm the luckiest man alive''.
Sears said Tuesday it would close 100 to 120 of its Sears and Kmart stores and warned fourth-quarter earnings before charges would drop by at least half to $466 million due to lower sales and margins.
Elliott Aviation today announced that the Moline, Ill.-based business aviation services company has signed a service center agreement with Jet Support Services, Inc. to provide scheduled and unscheduled maintenance services, paint and interior refurbishment services, and to supply spare parts to JSSI clients enrolled in their hourly cost maintenance program.
FDA proposal seeks cancer warnings on tanning beds Indoor tanning beds would come with new warnings about the risk of cancer and be subject to more stringent federal oversight under a proposal unveiled Monday by the Food and Drug Administration.
The plane made an emergency landing on Guam around 2 am with more than 200 people on board.
More US military crews were exposed to radiation today as the Pentagon ramped up relief flights over a Japan reeling from an earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis.
The Karachi Stock Exchange is looking for Chinese investment, its chairman said in Shanghai recently.
Twilio, cloud communications provider we covered for few times in the past, is bringing its voice and messaging APIs to Windows Azure customers.
Apple has introduced a new iPhone that is said to have significantly faster speed than previous phones.
A thief with a guilty conscience has helped get a 19th century headstone back to its original location in a historic northern Nevada cemetery where he stole it more than 30 years ago.
NEW YORK -Lance Armstrong has hired a criminal defense attorney to represent him in the federal investigation for possible fraud and doping violations by the seven-time Tour de France winner and his cycling teammates.
Memorial Day weekend means it's time to start watching the Gulf.
Lewis Hamilton says he would welcome newly-crowned Formula One World Champion Jenson Button to McLaren should rumours of the Brit's signing prove to be true.
Already accepted as one of the greatest boxers of any era, American Floyd Mayweather Jr has decided to come out of retirement for a third time.
Chennai, Jul 23 Two women patients died of asphyxiation after a fire broke out in an intensive care unit of the Kilpauk Medical College here early today.
Separatist leaders Javid Ahmad Mir, Shabir Ahmad Dar and Muhammad Yousuf Naqash on Sunday said sacrifices rendered by Kashmiris for the right to self-determination are being recognized by the international community.
Yankees owner George Steinbrenner spent three hours in his office at the team's spring training complex today and said he was feeling good.
Well now it appears that X Factor USA judge Nicole Scherzinger and her British Formula One racing driver boyfriend Lewis Hamilton have split up.
A city-based doctor has been booked by police for allegedly demanding Rs 50 lakh dowry before his marriage for pursuing a higher medical course.
Coronation Street star Kym Lomas has signed a new contract that will keep her in the show for at least another year.
Whatever the final outcome of the tightly contested vice presidential race, Mayor Jejomar Binay of Makati City has made history by being the first local official to be possibly catapulted to a top national position, just a breath away from the presidency.
A GERMAN witchcraft trial is set to reopen after almost 400 years, in a bid to clear the name of a woman who was burned at the stake in 1627.
The Highway Patrol says two pickups crashed on Interstate 94 just east of Steele, killing one driver and injuring the other.
Xiamen is going to invest over 300 million yuan to build a formula race track in Xiang'an District by the end of next year.
SOUTH Bucks police seized four vehicles and issued ten speeding fines in a three-hour operation.
As reported on Kotaku Japan, PlayStation Vita games actually load faster on cartridge than they do when digitally downloaded.
Indian shares ended lower Wednesday for a second straight day, tracking falls in most Asian markets, with corruption scandals still hurting sentiment as raids on homes of former telecom minister A. Raja sparked a broad-based sell-off.
Patient records from a dental office in Detroit that include personal information have been found dumped outside the building.
What is a gold ETF? is a question I get all the time.
US actor Mel Gibson has been lined up to play George Michael in a biopic of the singer's life.
A new, international corporate advisory and outsourced specialist management team has been established in San Francisco, California, and Sydney, Australia, to address the problems of reducing risk and accelerating the growth of global businesses, particularly US market entry challenges.
President Dr Ram Baran Yadav has called for consensus among all political forces to find solution of the current political deadlock at the earliest possible.
Israel says it is holding indirect peace talks with Syria mediated by Turkey.
Iran has banned the production of Valentine's Day gifts and any promotion of the day celebrating romantic love to combat what it sees as a spread of Western culture, Iranian media reported, Reuters informs.
The world's biggest watch-making group, Swatch, says its net profit has risen 26 per cent to 1.6 billion Swiss francs, beating market expectations.
ComEd was working Monday to restore power to more than 8,000 customers who were still without electricity in the wake of powerful storms on Sunday.
Julius Baer, one of Switzerland's largest wealth managers, will split into two separate entities, the bank announced Wednesday.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. Steady rain continued to pelt the Sacramento region on Friday, along with some hail.
Barnes & Noble, a bookseller that operates over 750 bookstores in 50 states, has entered into a strategic agreement with AT&T that will provide complimentary in-store Wi-Fi to any customer that visits a Barnes & Noble bookstore nationwide.
Intracom IT Services, in partnership with EMC held an introductory event on Cloud Computing, Future Trends on Tuesday Feb 1, 2011 at the Grand Hyatt Hotel, Amman.
``It's typical of Labor's lazy Federal representation that the Henry Tax Review all but ignored Tasmania,'' says Senator Eric Abetz.
``Shale gas development drove an 11 percent increase in US natural gas proved reserves last year, to their highest level since 1971, demonstrating the growing importance of shale gas in meeting both current and projected energy needs,'' said Richard Newell, EIA's Administrator.
A fuel shortage has hit some Dar es Salaam filling stations over the long weekend which also included a national holiday on Monday when queues of motor vehicles swarmed around these filling stations.
Gibraltar flights to Spain from Air Andalus have been canceled due to low passenger numbers, according to this article:
From the beginning of April, Ukraine exported 280 thsd tonnes of grains, declared Sergey Stoyanov, the general director of Ukrainian agrarian confederation.
Governor Tim Kaine declared a state of emergency Monday, authorizing state agencies to respond if local governments need assistance in the wake of the winter storm that began Sunday.
07:47 Australia on Friday unveiled a colossal radio telescope that will allow astronomers to detect distant galaxies and explore the depths of the universe with unprecedented precision.
Fort Myers police say five people were arrested during a drug bust Thursday afternoon.
Kroger Co. has recalled 32-ounce bags of Kroger fully cooked Buffalo-style chicken wings from stores in several states because of incorrect package labeling that could endanger people with certain allergies.
JAPANESE shares have closed flat after trading in a tight range with many investors away for their summer holidays.
A fire on Monday burned an estimated 10 acres in a cornfield in rural Aberdeen, said Warner Fire Department Assistant Fire Chief Bryce Neiger.
Syrian authorities have uncovered an al-Qaeda plot to bomb Damascus mosques around the main weekly prayers as a suspect detained on Thursday confessed that he had been planning a suicide bombing during Friday prayers at the Al-Rifai Mosque in the heart of the capital.
The South Korean market was trading lower on Tuesday, tracking the overnight sell-off on Wall Street and the biggest one-day jump in crude oil prices.
Global healthcare group GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Theravance Inc. Thursday reported the results of two pivotal 6-month efficacy and safety phase III studies of Relovair for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD.
A man charged in a deadly hit and run at 9th and Colorado appeared before a judge on Wednesday.
Two middle-aged men shot dead outside a Canberra house three days ago have been identified.
Palestinians and settlers clashed and hurled stones at each other between the West Bank village of Burin and the community of Bracha, south of Nablus.
British actor Hugh Grant has sparked rumors he is dating a former model 21 years his junior after the pair was photographed enjoying a romantic day out in New York's Hamptons.
Mystic Seaport announced this afternoon that it has eliminated 23 full-time positions through a mix of layoffs, attrition and a voluntary separation package.
Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from jail early Monday after serving 13 days of a 90-day sentence for violating her probation on a 2007 drunk-driving charge, media reported.
AEGON UK has combined its individual and corporate life and pensions business in a bid to improve customer service and product development.
Brazilian mobile telephony operator Claro has launched a reverse charge SMS service that enables people without credit to send messages to be paid by the recipient, under the condition that they accept the message.
Oil prices slipped below $80 a barrel Thursday as the US dollar strengthened, making commodities like crude more expensive for international investors.
A second woman has pleaded guilty to her role in staging an assault to try to increase the settlement in a sexual harassment case against their former employer.
Authorities were scouring the waters of Mobile Bay, Alabama, early Wednesday, looking for three people who went missing when a US Coast Guard helicopter crashed during a training mission.
KIDS bobbed for apples and stuffed their faces with sweets at Sandford Primary School summer fair.
An Iron City, Tenn., man has been charged with two counts of arson after he was accused of setting fires Wednesday night at vacant houses.
Libyan rebels have captured Muammar Gaddafi's son Saadi, al-Arabiyah television reported on Monday, citing the head of the rebel National Transitional Council.
Three cars have been destroyed in an arson attack at a church in Newry, Co Down.
Japanese stocks opened sharply lower Thursday, with the key Nikkei index down 1.25 percent in early trading.
A ridge of high pressure is forecast to extend over central parts of the North Island on Wednesday and Thursday before weakening towards the weekend.
tekgoblin writes ``Earlier today Rhapsody, the biggest premium on-demand music service in the US, announced that they would be acquiring Napster and finalizing the purchase of the company by the end of November.
Western Force captain David Pocock has put contract talks on the backburner in order to focus on keeping the Western Force settled.
Seoul, July 26 Hyundai Motor, South Korea's No.1 automaker, posted 2.5 trillion won in operating profit for the second quarter, a regulatory filing showed Thursday.
The Copperheads improved to a 9-4 record, solidly sitting in second place in the division.
Ashton Kutcher visited Israel last weekend, reportedly to attend the birthday party for the founder of the Kabbalah Center in Jerusalem.
Dutch supermodel Lara Stone has won ''significant'' damages from French Playboy after the magazine published unauthorised photographs of her.
Morehead State head volleyball coach Jaime Gordon and his staff will host a season ticket holder appreciation gathering before tonight's match against SIU Edwardsville.
Dan Uggla fields a deflection off Derek Lowe and tosses to first base for the out, ending the frame
CAISTOR kids had a ball to celebrate the 50th anniversary of The Caistor Church of England and Methodist Primary School.
Federal MP Jamie Briggs says two community liaison officers have quit out of frustration at Inverbrackie detention centre in the Adelaide Hills.
Sean Parker, founder of MP3 program Napster and former president of Facebook, is engaged to girlfriend Alexandra Lenas, a New York-based singer.
Dubai-based Landmark Group has opened its first Spar hypermarket in northern India, with the inauguration of a 74,000 sq ft store in Delhi.The opening of the new store at Pacific Mall in west Delhi brings the total number of Spar hypermarkets in India to four.By the end of fiscal 2012 the chain aims to have 15 hypermarkets in operation across cities such as Chandigarh, Raipur, Noida and Ghaziabad.
Fernando Alonso has warned Lewis Hamilton to cut out the rough stuff or face the consequences.
The Colombian government said on Sunday that it expected to continue its negotiation on a trade agreement with Japan after the massive earthquake that hit the Asian country on Friday.
In this video learning how to buy scrap gold and silver will turn any jewelry novice into a money-making expert.
Fewer young people are still learning after the age of 17 in the UK, a survey suggests.
*In an interview with ``Entertainment Tonight,'' Tito Jackson says he wants justice for his brother Michael's death following a cardiac arrest on June 25.
Computer processing chip manufacturer AMD has promoted former national retail sales manager Peter Chambers to its country manager role for Australia and New Zealand.
James Bond has once again returned to Istanbul for ``Skyfall'', the latest film in the longest running series that this year celebrates half a century of the legendary spy in action, its director said Sunday.
Best Buy, Canada's fastest growing retailer and e-tailer of consumer electronics, computers and entertainment products, is celebrating the grand opening its new store in Calgary beginning this Friday October 26 at Hanson Square, 17 th Avenue and 8 th Street SW.
Nope, the four games I'm looking at this week are heavy on big guns, ammunition and high body counts.
The Toronto Raptors recalled rookie Solomon Alabi from the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League on Thursday.
Circumcision, which has helped prevent AIDS among heterosexual men in Africa, doesn't help protect gay men from the virus, according to the largest US study to look at the question.
Hair fetishist Danilo Restivo was given a ``whole life'' jail sentence at Winchester Crown Court today for the murder and mutilation of seamstress Heather Barnett, whose body he deliberately left for her children to find.
The press of course played down the controversy, but after President Obama gave the Security Council his Kumbaya about a nuclear-free world, French President Sarkozy mocked him mercilessly.
Chouteau will not be consolidating first and third grade classes after finding money outside the general fund to pay for two teachers' salaries.
Indian financial markets were closed Thursday after coordinated attacks by teams of gunmen across Mumbai, India's financial capital, left scores of people dead.
Hurricane Bill has weakened slightly to a Category 3 storm as it roars over the open Atlantic.
A Surrey, BC, ambulance paramedic who lost his driver's licence over a seizure disorder has also lost his discrimination complaint at the BC Human Rights Tribunal.
Ooyala, an online video platform, announced that it now supports dynamic insertion of IAB-standard ads for the iPhone and iPad.
Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. reported it has withdrawn its private-label reusable bags after media reports that lead was discovered in some reusable bags.
Non-defensive assets have enjoyed a reversal of fortunes late in the week, with traders thankful for 'small mercies' such as the Spanish budget result.
A Senate panel voted Tuesday to give President Barack Obama limited authority to continue the US military operation against Libya, exposing deep divisions in Congress over the commander in chief's actions.
The media is part of the establishment, as it has never fought against it, Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman told Daily Times Editor-in-Chief Najam Sethi on Friday.
National Weather Service meteorologists said a borderline storm passed over the area Wednesday evening, knocking out power to 432 customers in southern Monroe.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper called the US deficit ``dangerous'' on Monday and said it would eventually require tax increases -- a path he said his Conservative government would avoid.
President Goodluck Jonathan vowed on Saturday to ``crush the terrorists'' who set off a series of bombs across Nigeria on Christmas Day, while he visited a church in which one bomb killed at least 37 people.
A Seattle medical marijuana entrepreneur whose dispensaries were raided last year was sentenced Wednesday in federal court.
After Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said he wouldn't allow a Lingerie Football League team to play in the city, the LFL has decided to withdraw its expansion into Oklahoma City.
Samuel Eto'o scored three goals help FC Barcelona easily beat Levante 5-1 in the Spanish league and increase the pressure on leader Real Madrid.
The voter turnout hit 40.38 percent in Tovuz as of 15:00, the Tovuz and the Tovuz-Gazakh-Agstafa Constituencies told Trend.
Theatre Exhibition, Fairfield Museum and History Center will present Stories on the Green, performed by Ina Chadwick's MouseMuse Productions.
Erode, Mar 3 An unidentified 30-year-old north Indian was allegedly beaten to death in the suburban region of Vandipalayam in the district, police said.
'Sex and the City' star Kim Cattrall finds dating ``scary but exciting'' but it makes her feeling like she's 14 again.
Organisations are making plans to attract the Olympic torch relay to the East in the lead up to the start of London 2012.
today jointly announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement in which Celgene has agreed to acquire Abraxis BioScience.
DEPECHE MODE have been forced to scrap four more shows on their Sounds of The Universe tour as frontman DAVE GAHAN battles gastroenteritis.
Australia's Parliament House gift shop trashed 200 Barack Obama commemorative mugs - though not because the US president has twice canceled visits.
Andrea and husband Andrei are co-owners of the only It's A Grind in Southern California that's baking fresh muffins and cupcakes daily in a new oven installed at the coffee shop.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has been re-elected as Zanu-PF leader for the next five years, urging supporters to work for the survival of the party.
In the last column I discussed financial shock absorbers because of general uncertainty and volatility.
CONSUMER choices ``at the level of households, businesses and institutions'' will drive the change to a renewable energy society, Minister of Environment Earl Deveaux said at the launch of the Bahamas Waste biodiesel facility.
Milton Bradley, a 33-year-old corner outfielder with 125 career homers and 481 RBI, is making $12 million this year.
Presumptive nominees John McCain and Barack Obama will star this fall in their own comic books put out by IDW Publishing, a San Diego-based publisher better known for telling the stories of robots and vampires.
Indonesia has offered to buy 300,000 tons of rice from Myanmar and more amount will follow, official media reported Wednesday.
A MAN has died while another remains in a critical condition after their car ran off a highway and crashed into a power pole on the Hunter Valley.
Residents who live near the area's two Navy practice airfields will notice more Navy jets flying and for longer hours starting in early February, the Navy announced.
LA Galaxy star David Beckham is keen to move back to England in a bid to push for a place in the World Cup.
Oscar De La Hoya visited the Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in El Centro on Tuesday.
Union Home Minister P Chidambaram said on Friday that Pakistan had failed on its promise to bring to justice all people -- masterminds, controllers and handlers -- involved in the 26/11 terror attacks, even after two years.
However, as the gender balance starts to tip, and an increasing number of women take part in online games, fashion designers including Giorgio Armani, Alberta Ferretti and Zac Posen have expanded into the virtual market, targeting the new, style-conscious female gamer.
Hospital parking fees are essentially health care user fees and should be abolished, states an editorial in CMAJ.
Pakistani troops pressed their offensive against the Taliban in the northwest Swat district, closing in on a key town after pushing into a strategic valley, officials said.
The Bank of Japan trimmed its growth forecasts for the current and coming fiscal years in a fresh sign that it would take more time for the nation's economy to recover after the slowdown in the global economy and amid the yen's persistent strength.
Filipino-British goal-keeper Neil Etheridge has signed a one-year contract extension with Premier League side Fulham FC, the club announced Wednesday.
January 24, 2013 In a sign of New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie's strength heading into his 2013 reelection, he's won over Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
Apr. 21, 2008 08:42 AM MADRID, Spain - Officials say a Spanish fishing boat with a crew of 26 has been hijacked off the coast of Somalia.
The Romanian Parliament ratified with an overwhelming majority the EU Reform Treaty on Tuesday after the French President Nicola Sarkozy addressed the Romanian parliament Monday.
A late-night prank ended disastrously Wednesday when a Toronto teacher was struck by a minivan after vandals egged his Etobicoke home.
India on Thursday described visiting British Foreign Secretary David Miliband's remarks on Kashmir as an 'unsolicited advice' and said it did not need such advice on its internal issues.
The staff running room at Barwadih station under ECR's Dhanbad division has been declared the most modern running room equipped with all kinds of facilities for drivers.
The Spanish Government is getting ready to increase VAT, marking a trend reversal from its campaign promises.
Typhoon Nuri has lashed Hong Kong with heavy rain and strong winds, sparking major flight delays, disrupting public transport and halting trade on the city's financial markets.
China is ``faithfully fulfilling its international obligations'' and ``strives to foster a peaceful international environment'', a state official has said.
Unlike many others I'm not surprised that you are joining the Toon and the Baggies in the Prem next year.
Students from one Wilton family raised some funds this past weekend for the Haiti earthquake-relief effort.
ST. LOUIS The St. Louis Rams got a lift for their struggling offense, activating wide receiver Mark Clayton from the PUP list.
Two US drones strikes in north-west Pakistan have killed up 21 people on Thursday and wounded several others, according to Pakistani officials.
San Francisco has always had a reputation as an environmentally conscious city, however it has set its sights on becoming the greenest city in the country by turning 100% sustainable by 2020.
An Open Day for Bulgarians was held on Tuesday at the Chinese frigate ``Yantai'', which arrived at the Black Sea port of Varna to make a five-day goodwill visit.
It came as a surprise after speaking at a San Diego prison ministry banquet dinner when Marty Angelo received a special recognition award.
A Braintree police officer was struck by a car while directing traffic outside South Shore Plaza.
Journalists here had to run for their dear lives after marauding Zanu PF youths chased them away from a meeting aimed at discussing the fate of Hurungwe East legislator Sarah Mahoka, who faces expulsion from the party.
Federal officials are trying to ease concerns about the threat of radiation exposure in the US, and are monitoring radiation levels around the clock at several locations.
State leaders pay tribute to all RI veterans of war by laying a wreath on The Garden of Heroes at the State House.
Israel clinched a deal on Wednesday to abolish wholesale exemptions from military service for Jewish seminary students, ended a brief crisis that divided the ruling coalition parties.
US President Barack Obama prayed Thursday that ``a better day will dawn over Egypt,'' and citizens of the crisis-torn Arab nation will realize their aspirations for greater human rights and freedom.
A new specialty license plate recognizing Ohio's volunteers is now available through the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
Governor Haley Barbour toured flooded areas on the state today.
Two men have been shot to death at an East St. Louis gas station, while a third managed to escape.
The Qatari Embassy in Cairo this evening hosted a reception to celebrate the National Day and the anniversary of the founder of the State of Qatar, Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani assuming rule the country.
Pakistan's foreign exchange reserves fell to $16.42 billion in the week ended February 24 because of a repayment of an International Monetary Fund loan, compared with $16.64 billion the previous week, the central bank said on Thursday.
Mainland stocks closed slightly lower on Wednesday despite the rebounds on neighboring bourses, dragged by coal producers and banks.
US Sen. Scott Brown has met with Massachusetts fishermen at the state's top ports this weekend.
Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has scheduled a visit to Fort Bliss for next week.
Dave Tippett has agreed to a contract extension in principle to remain with the Coyotes, according to the Arizona Republic.
A badly injured woman tramper was airlifted to safety this morning after two freezing nights in the bush in the Tararua Ranges.
A 20-year-old Las Vegas woman found shot to death in an empty lot has been identified as Shanta Renee Eddings, the Clark County coroner's said today.
Iran has offered Ankara 4-5 oil small oil fields which Turkey will offer to the private sector, with each field requiring up to $100-200 million of investment, Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said on Monday.
CLEVELAND -Guard Delonte West signed a multiyear deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday, ending concerns the restricted free agent would hold out at training camp.
The big drugstore chain Walgreens is buying the online drugstore Drugstore.com for $409 million in cash, Dealbook reports.
Catch UFC 104 live as results come in on the Machida v. Shogun fight and other fight cards.
Asian stocks rose, lifting the MSCI Asia Pacific Index to its first weekly gain in four, after commodity prices gained and fewer-than-estimated Americans applied for jobless benefits.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says 'younger professional women' don't like him because they don't appreciate being told what to do.
A US hiker has been gored to death by a mountain goat in the Olympic National Park in the state of Washington.
A Calgary man has been sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years for raping and strangling his 17-year-old stepdaughter two years ago.
Two-time champion Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Italian Open on Sunday due to a rib injury.
Hezbollah has plans to hit Western targets if the US tries to destroy Iran 's nuclear programme, Canadian intelligence reports say.
The first USB 3.0 product has been certified, bringing the general IT world one step closer to the next high speed data transfer interface threshold.
LONDON -The English Football Association says Arsenal and Newcastle have each been fined 30,000 pounds over a mass confrontation during their bad-tempered Premier League opener.
Kordell Stewart admits that he changed the locks on the mansion he shared with Porsha Stewart to protect his family.
The judge who will determine Lindsay Lohan's fate in the probation and grand theft cases will be the middleman in plea negotiations today between Lindsay and the prosecutor ... and sources connected with the case tell TMZ ... the judge thinks Lindsay should do time.
A Tulsa County grand jury investigating allegations of wasteful spending by Skiatook Public Schools issued two sealed indictments late Friday and issued a report saying it had ``no confidence in the ability'' of the interim superintendent to lead the district.
She said: ``I grew up in LA with a really creative group of kids and everyone's family did something in the industry so we started making movies in kindergarten, the first thing I did was 'Wizard of Oz' in kindergarten, which my friend Clay and I spearheaded.''
HealthAlliance of the Hudson Valley® is now offering a comprehensive outpatient weight management program through individualized counseling and classes at the Diabetes Education Center, at 37 Albany Avenue in Kingston.
US diplomats evacuated Central African Republic on Friday according to the State Department, as rebels swept across the country seizing towns and diamond mines and threatening to oust the government.
Bert Bank, a survivor of the World War II Bataan Death March, a former state legislator and founder of University of Alabama football radio network, died Monday at the age of 94.
Four people were arrested in a Morgan County meth bust Wednesday.
Bangladesh's interim government Saturday launched its tourism brand name ``Rupomoy Bangladesh'' in a bid to attract tourists from home and abroad, dpa reported.
Intact Financial Corporation today announced that it has completed the $300 million sale of AXA Life Insurance Inc. to SSQ, Life Insurance Company Inc.
The Winnipeg Jets are pleased to announce they have agreed to terms with forward Jason Jaffray on a new contract.
Motown legend Smokey Robinson made a special appearance during Monday night's season finale of ``The Sing-Off.''
Singer Eddy Grant is threatening to sue pop group Gorillaz, claiming Damon Albarn's cartoon band have ``stolen'' from one of his tracks.
Richard Branson is to produce a film about explorer Christopher Columbus, possibly to be directed by McG.
London, Nov 8 Singer-actress Miley Cyrus plans to celebrate her 18th birthday with her divorcing parents.
Publishing house Penguin has said that it plans to publish new titles simultaneously in ebook, or electronic, format from this autumn in response to signs of growing reader demand for digital books.
Harvey D. Schultz seems to have missed what the remainder of the Township see -- a mayor and council that is working well together and getting the business of the Township done.
Cuban Defence Minister Julio Casas Regueiro, a veteran of the revolution, has died of heart failure, aged 75.
Research in Motion Ltd. spent $313,322 in the first quarter to lobby on patent reform and other issues, according to a recent disclosure form.
Eight illegal Israeli workers have been deported from the UK this week after were found to be selling beauty and hair products to Christmas shoppers at Cribbs Causeway.
Sen. Jim Marzilli, D-Arlington, was arrested in Lowell Tuesday afternoon after allegedly assaulting a female on Middle Street, said Corey Welford, spokesman for the Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone.
I really can't believe someone makes Rihanna kitchen scales featuring an iPod dock.
Speakers at a seminar were unanimous that the gas pipeline from Central Asian states to Pakistan, India and China would not only resolve the energy crisis confronting the region but also would bring in economic development and empowerment of the peoples of the entire region.
It's almost certain that the government employees will not get bonus before Dashain this year as the one-third budget sanctioned by the caretaker government will finish by then, finance ministry officials said.
TEHRAN -The Head of Afghanistan Office of Iranian Foreign Ministry Mohsen Pak-Aein said regional countries are ready to train Afghan forces to provide security.
VEVO is set to launch in Australia and New Zealand on April 16 in partnership with MCM Media.
Rio Ferdinand has withdrawn his appeal against the additional one-match suspension he incurred for a ``frivolous'' challenge to a violent conduct charge brought against him by the Football Association.
South American legend Jorge Ricardo, the first jockey in the world to ride 10,000 winners, is to take an extended break from race-riding to undergo chemotherapy treatment for low-grade lymphoma in his native Brazil.
West Virginia Attorney General Darrell McGraw is warning travelers about a telephone scam targeting travelers.
Michael apparently wrote a letter to Billy Ray in a RadarOnline.com exclusive to let him know he can relate to what he's going through after seeing his daughter, Lindsay Lohan, self-destruct in the face of fame.
Fear always cripples your instinct to act, which may actually make you more fearless in the long run.
Pressure measuring in hydraulic applications requires high standards of the measuring devices used.
Several hundred residents along portions of the Stillaguamish River northeast of Everett were told to consider evacuating as the river and its forks tied or exceeded record levels.
Spirit Aerosystems posted a disappointing net-income loss of $95-million dollars for the second quarter of 2009, the company's CEO announced Thursday.
British Airways launches its great big sale with thousands of flights in all cabins and hundreds of holidays on offer.
Funds inflows into Qatar totalled QR477mn in May, reversing a trend seen in 2011-12 when foreign funds had exited the country, a new report has shown.
Satellite communications company Thuraya has been roped in to enhance the quality and reliability of communications during Abu Dhabi motor rally.
You bet your ass, Terrence Malick is becoming a workaholic.
Daily deals website Groupon will list its shares on the Nasdaq, two sources familiar with the situation said.
Axa has unveiled a new range of variable annuity products it is piloting with a small group of specialist IFAs.
Sullivan County has declared a flood watch through tomorrow as the county braces for rain, snow melt and runoff.
``There are 5-6 underground casinos in Bishkek,'' announced the president of Gambling Association Mirlan Tashmanbetov on today's press conference in 24.kg news agency.
Independent MP Andrew Wilkie says he supports the move for the Federal Government to implement a carbon tax.
A longtime Microsoft developer evangelist and 19-year company veteran who has of late been in charge of Microsoft's startup program will retire later this year, the company confirmed today.
STEVEN WHITTAKER will be forced to pull out of the Scotland squad today with a hamstring injury.The Rangers right-back picked up the knock in the midweek Champions League tie against Unirea.He started Gers' 2-1 home win over St Mirren yesterday but went off at half-time when the muscle tightened Whittaker now won't be available to George Burley for the friendly against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday.Ibrox gaffer Walter Smith said: ``It's a hamstring injury.
IANS reported that Gujarat government has approved 34 solar power projects at an investment of INR 12,000 crore over the next few years to rank it the top Indian state for this clean energy.
Dec.11 Kimi Raikkonen has hurt his wrist during a snowmobile racing crash in Austria.
A federal lawsuit is alleging that a Chicago landlord discriminated against African-American tenant prospects.
Former Blues boss Jim Magilton has denied any wrongdoing in the wake of his suspension by QPR.
High crude prices may derail growth in China and India, the two nations that have helped the global economy overcome the financial crisis, the International Energy Agency said.
A car crashed into a hospital Thursday.
London could bear the brunt of the recession while many of England's northern cities weather the storm, a report revealed.
Arsenal beat Manchester City thanks to a goal by Arteta;
Local communities are increasingly seeking economic benefit from mining activities in their regions through equity stakes, infrastructure development, job creation and improving the communities' ability to supply services and goods, international consulting firm Synergy Global Consulting director Paul Kapelus tells Mining Weekly.
This is the first time Edward James Olmos has filmed anything in Calexico he's passed by this town many times.
But the issue we now encounter are the appraisals are lagging behind the market; therefore, they do not match the current market values or the sold price.
No. 17 Wisconsin beats Nebraska 77-46 Ben Brust admitted he didn't crash the offensive boards hard when teammate Sam Dekker had the ball in his hands.
RIO DE JANEIRO US technology giant Apple on Tuesday lost the right to use the iPhone brand in Brazil, according to the country's National Industrial Property Institute.
MORE convicts in Wigan are returning to a life of crime within months of serving jail or community sentences, latest figures reveal.
The value of retail sales in the UAE is projected to grow by 16.5 per cent in 2010 due to increasing consumer confidence in the market, according to a report by Business Monitor International.
A Bartlett patrol officer has been arrested for assaulting his girlfriend by dousing her with gasoline.
Barack Obama has become the first US President to host a Twitter town hall meeting to reach out to weary Americans on a range of issues, including the state of the world's largest economy.
With the reduction in global oil prices, oil refineries have started pressing the government to withdraw the decision of reducing deemed duty by 2.5 percent on diesel, sources told Daily Times on Tuesday.
Marks & Spencer director of lingerie and beauty Janie Schaffer has exited the retailer after three months, piling more pressure on its struggling clothing business.
CHICAGO Chicago Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews missed his fourth straight game because of concussion-like symptoms, sitting out Friday night against Montreal.
Riyaz Bhatkal, alleged founder of terror outfit Indian Mujahideen, while advocating Jihad to the other IM members had said that Jihad should be practised not just through weapons but also through technology.
ST KILDA defender Zac Dawson lived the fairytale, according to coach Ross Lyon, when he kicked the match-sealing goal against Carlton last night and kept his team on top of the ladder.
The state has announced it will seek the death penalty against both suspects in a Cocke County triple killing.
Women are being urged to attend their cervical screening appointments in an effort to rule out cancer.
Energy firm EDF Group has selected InStep Software's predictive asset analytics software to monitor its nuclear power plant fleet in France.
Four hours after she joined Twitter, she had over 70,000 followers.
State and federal housing ministers have created an ``illusion'' of government action on housing affordability, the head of the Australian Local Government Association has said.
Africa will veto any climate change deal that does not meet its demand for money from rich nations to cut the impact of global warming on the continent, Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said on Thursday.
The return of the Glastonbury Festival after a year off feels like ``a big family reunion'', according to organiser Emily Eavis.
The Football Association has reinstated League Two outfit Bradford City into this year's FA Cup.
Italy plans to create an ad hoc sovereign fund to invest in strategic companies such as dairy firm Parmalat and shield them from hostile foreign takeovers.
Finnish telephone supplier Nokia is planning to roll out its mobile banking service, Nokia Money, in many Indian cities soon, a Nokia official said.
The US proposed reopening its highways to Mexican trucks under a test program that would require Mexican drivers to be proficient in the English language and US traffic laws.
Singer Eddie Fisher, who was once married to Elizabeth Taylor, has died at the age of 82.
A change has once again fired up the Aberdare blaze, with the front now heading towards Neath.
ABIDJAN, Catholic charity Caritas said in a statement Saturday that 1,000 people had been killed or ``disappeared'' in the western Ivory Coast town of Duekoue, where mass graves were reported found after heavy fighting.
Rick Rypien of Vancouver was suspended by the NHL because of an altercation with a fan.
Balamory, the fictional town,populated by a number of cartoon characters is all set to become an Eco-Town, and a centre for affordable housing for many people living in London.
Gun crime figures to be released this week by the Government will massively underestimate the true scale of the problem, it has been claimed.
Rihanna has allegedly written about Chris Brown in a new song that has surfaced on the internet.
Egypt has recalled its ambassador to the Vatican after Pope Benedict XVI appealed to Egypt and Iraq to do more to protect their Christian minorities, in his address to ambassadors on Monday.
A FEARED Taleban commander known for beheading his opponents yesterday died in custody from wounds sustained during a firefight with Pakistani security forces last week, the military said.
Stoke City have completed a £2.5million deal to bring in Brek Shea to the Britannia Stadium.
Kansas City police are looking for the owner of an urn containing ashes that was found earlier this month on the city's north side.
Tons of parents and kids filled Picnic Rocks, learning water safety tips.
Container service reliability has improved for the second quarter in a row during the third quarter of 2011, analysts claim.
Motorola has uncovered their Motoactv, and a quick visual review shows us how similar it is to the Nano.
Former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson has launched a long-shot, third-party bid for the White House that could hurt Republican efforts to oust US President Barack Obama in 2012.
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza is going to marry Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik next month, April.
European new car sales rose 11.2 per cent year on year in October, figures boosted by the continued success of scrappage incentive schemes across the continent.
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on Tuesday led a government roadshow to Hong Kong to extol the virtues of investing in Thailand.
Conn. state marshal apologizes for taking lap dance at club where he was to serve warrant
For the second time in a little more than a month a deer has crashed into a Brainerd senior residence, breaking windows, but not harming anyone.
A refugee family welcomed to West Michigan by their church, is now paying it forward.
Boeing won new orders for 44 737s, according to the weekly update to the company's orders and deliveries website.
Here, he offers tips on how to create the ultimate A-list bachelor pad on a budget.
Zdeno Chara was hospitalized for dehydration late on Friday night, according to a report from the team on Saturday morning.
Weezer kicks off its ``Memories'' tour this month in Los Angeles in support of its latest release, Hurley.
North Alabama is exploring a move to Division I with a looming exodus from the Gulf South Conference threatening to leave the small college power stranded in a shrinking league.
Opposition leader Tzipi Livni congratulated the Shalit family following the Cabinet's approval of the prisoner exchange deal that would see their son Gilad Shalit released from captivity.
The UK Tornado fighter jet crashed soon after taking off at a major NATO base in southern Afghanistan on Monday.
Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia will expedite work on two offshore gas fields in the kingdom as it seeks to meet growing domestic energy demand, a report said.
FAA to staff 72 airport control towers at night Seventy-two airport towers and other air traffic control facilities that were slated to close at night due to budget cuts will get to stay open, the Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday.
Wayne Bridge is refusing to play for England in the wake of teammate John Terry's alleged affair with his former partner, saying Thursday that his presence in the World Cup squad could be ``divisive.''
A WOMAN from Gwabalanda in Bulawayo was burnt to death after an unidentified object burst into flames when she lit garbage collected from a section of the suburb on Tuesday last week.
Former Governor General of Canada Romeo LeBlanc died on June 24, 2009 at his home in New Brunswick after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease.
The French government on Friday informed that three hostages held captive by al-Qaeda were freed in Niger, Radio France Internationale reported.
British comedy legend Sir Norman Wisdom has died at the age of 95 after a prolonged period of ill-health, his family have said.
Chinese soldiers are banned from opening blogs on the Internet for confidentiality concern, according to revised regulations of the People's Liberation Army, Xinhua reported Saturday.
Mary O'Leary and Mary Legnard, Bethel's Registrar of Voters, have announced that the voter redistricting map has been completed and a new district has been added.
Brian Belo thinks 'Big Brother' needs ``sexy'' contestants if it is to be a success on Channel 5.
Undeclared curfew continued in the downtown and Shehar-e-Khas areas of the summer capital, Srinagar, for the second day today to prevent any untoward incident.
But, according to experts, landowners should consider whether their particular ag exemption is the best for their situation.
A Tory MP was stopped and searched by police on suspicion of being a terrorist after taking photos of a cycle path, he revealed yesterday.
A Japanese woman was allegedly gangraped in Bihar by four people, including an autorickshaw driver, police said Saturday.
WWF says LNP breaks Qld land law promise Updated: 16:25, Thursday May 16, 2013 Queensland's premier has backflipped on an election promise by allowing farmers to clear protected bushland, an environmental group says.
Zambia has asked mining companies operating in the copper rich nation to protect their investment in the country by making their operations relevant to local communities and remitting taxes to the treasury.
Asian stocks gained led by higher commodity prices, US proposals to shore up the world`s largest economy.
But that does not seem to be the case with Alyson Hannigan, who treated her daughter Satyana when she went on a coffee run in Los Angeles today.
New Delhi, May 21 In steps to provide quality healthcare to citizens of Delhi, NDMC will upgrade all its healthcare facilities in collaboration with Quality Council of India.
Uquery.com have launched today a new AppStore search engine that allows every iPhone & iPod Touch fanatic to easily find the apps that they are looking for.
A woman has been charged after allegedly stabbing a man in the chest with a kitchen knife in Sydney's northwest, police say.
Bill Bray underwent Tommy John surgery on his elbow Tuesday morning and is expected to miss up to a year.
Caroline Lucas has been elected as the UK's first Green MP after winning the seat of Brighton Pavilion.
ZIMBABWEAN leader Robert Mugabe is ready to step down after he accepted he failed to win the country's presidential election, a senior source in his ruling party and diplomats said today.
Vision Critical, a leading provider of insight community technologies, has taken over DiscoverText, a robust cloud-based text analytics solution.
The City of Austin is considering extending downtown parking meter hours to the weekends and later during the week.
Alfa Laval -- a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling -- has completed the acquisition of Aalborg Industries Holding A/S, after having received clearance from the competition authorities.
Beth Jeans Houghton has plans to record her second album in Los Angeles after meeting Neil Young.
Congressmen Patrick Kennedy, D-RI, has once again checked himself into a medical facility.
Two people were killed Tuesday evening when an ultra-light plane crashed in Kauhava, in southern Ostrobothnia.
As pointed out by Josh Alper in the one-liners today, the Steelers are adding yet another minority owner to the ever-growing roster of folks who own slivers of the franchise.
HOUSTON -Houston center Yao Ming left the Rockets' game against Indiana on Wednesday night with a cut over his right eye.
ONE Training, a total wellness company dedicated to helping people live in balance, opened in Novi at 40400 Grand River, Suites I & J on Monday.
Mobile phone giant Orange said it planned to axe up to 450 jobs under an overhaul of the UK business.
A Naperville man accused of masturbating outside an ice cream parlor has been charged with sexual exploitation of a child, police said Friday.
Gary Coleman was formally charged Wednesday with reckless driving and disorderly conduct following an altercation at a bowling alley in Utah.
Boxing's pound-for-pound king Manny Pacquiao hinted at retirement on Monday, saying he didn't need to face Floyd Mayweather to cement his legacy in the ring.
It's hard to believe, but Summerfest starts tomorrow and the preparations are underway today.
Paceman Munaf Patel will join the struggling Indian squad in Sri Lanka on Friday to bolster its attack for the ongoing cricket tri-series in Dambulla.
Actress Sienna Miller today accepted £35,000 damages in settlement of her privacy action against News Group Newspapers.
Russia successfully test launched two Bulava ballistic missiles on Friday, Defense Ministry spokesman Col Igor Konashenkov said.
50 Cent has launched his brand new wireless waterproof headphones in Germany, and took the opportunity to open up about his new movie.
TWO-time A-League Golden Boot Shane Smeltz has confirmed he will make his return for Gold Coast United in Sunday's pre-season friendly against North Queensland Fury at Carrara Stadium after the disintegration of his short-lived move to Chinese outfit Shandong Luneng.
New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez said ``nobody has bought me'' in an interview to be aired Sunday on Spanish-language channel Univision regarding allegations that he helped friend and campaign donor Dr. Salomon Melgen.
Russian fifth seed Maria Sharapova won the Australian Open final against fourth seed Ana Ivanovic of Serbia 7-5, 6-3 Saturday, claiming her third Grand Slam title.
Gold rose on Friday on bargain hunting after it dropped to a three-week low, but gains may be limited with a firming dollar robbing the metal of some of its appeal as an alternative investment.
Perth's 800th anniversary celebrations are to get underway next weekend, when several events are held to officially launch the year-long event.
Libya is facing a mental health crisis with experts warning of a lack of qualified health professionals to deal with the problem.
A Columbus man who was wanted in Franklin County, Ohio, surrendered Wednesday after a standoff with Pittsburgh Police SWAT officers in Lawrenceville.
GLENDALE, Calif. DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. is buying AwesomenessTV, a YouTube teen network, for about $33 million in cash as it looks to tap into the popularity of online content.
centric digital company Break Media has acquired FileFront, a Web site geared for hardcore gamers.
Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari is likely to appoint former Attorney General Sardar Latif Khosa as the new Punjab Governor, according to Advisor to the President Qayyum Soomro.
A Phoenix woman arrested in connection with three homicide cases has pleaded not guilty to trafficking in stolen property and other charges.
Kazuo ``Kaz'' Hirai, considered by many to be the father of the PlayStation brand, will be stepping down from his position of Representative Director and Chairman of Sony Computer Entertainment, the division recently announced on its executive appointments briefing.
The trade deficit widened to $2.027 billion in August, from a $1.53 billion deficit in July, as iron ore and coal prices plummeted, figures released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics today show.
His publicist says Academy Award-winning director Sydney Pollack was surrounded by family when he died at his home in Los Angeles.
Pakistan rejects NATO statement of regret on the raid that killed 24 Pakistani troops.
The city of Morris is officially celebrating Halloween on Saturday, since the day falls on Sunday this year.
Rupert Everett has labeled Michael Jackson a ``freak'' and claimed that it was ``fortuitous'' he died when he did because he could never have completed his 50 gigs in London this summer.
The Colombian priest who disappeared Sunday while on a nature walk was found dead Wednesday afternoon in a dense forest.
Crude oil prices fell by more than $9 a barrel Thursday, closing below $100 for the first time since March, but a proportional decrease in gas prices at the pump may not follow.
Terrorist acts are violations of human rights, visiting Slovenian President Danilo Turk said on Tuesday in a lecture delivered at Kuwait University School of Law, Kuwait News Agency has reported.
SPIRIT DSP, the world's top voice and video over IP engines provider, today announced a significant upgrade to its TeamSpirit ® cross-platform voice and video engines, a set of sophisticated SDKs for service providers, software application developers and OEMs/ODMs to quickly launch
The Australian share market has closed marginally higher, with strength in the energy sector and positive company earnings reports offset by lower property and healthcare stocks.
Guns N' Roses and Marilyn Manson have been tapped to headline a new music festival in Spain which will feature 3 stages and 50 artists.
AP The war story ``The Hurt Locker'' and the recession tale ``Up in the Air'' have won top honors at the Writers Guild of America Awards.
Schizophrenia with comorbid panic disorder, also known as panic psychosis, appears to be a distinct subtype of schizophrenia, according to a study published in Psychiatry Research.
WHILE Deputy Minister for Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Yunus Carrim was in the province to monitor municipalities yesterday, ANC councillors walked out of a Buffalo City council meeting in a dispute over an oversight committee.
Sri Lankan patriots in several thousands marched on foreign embassies on Thursday and Friday to express their anger and protest on US meddling in Sri Lanka's internal affairs.
AP Writer James Levine will have a kidney removed in surgery this week, causing the conductor to miss the remainder of the Boston Symphony Orchestra's Tanglewood season.
A Syrian official on Monday confirmed that a teenage blogger was accused of spying for a foreign country after pro-Palestine writing, media reports said.
US researchers have said that the best way to keep weight off long term is to lose it quickly, not gradually, in the initial stages of obesity treatment.
Swiss rider Fabian Cancellara won a record fourth time trial title with a dominant ride at the road world championships on Thursday.
Gujarat government today filed a chargesheet on IPS officer Rahul sharma over the issue of year 2002 Gujrat riot call record CDs.
A 63-year-old Los Banos man died just after 6 pm Friday on Highway 152 near Chowchilla after his motorcycle crashed.
The Greek election over the weekend looms large over the currency markets.
The featured article is titled ``It's Called Search Engine ''Optimization`` for a Reason'' by George Qualley IV (Site Reference Newsletter) The latest Site Reference newsletter has been released.
Aflac Inc. said Monday that it will lose roughly $67 million after selling all its Greek sovereign debt as the insurer shifts to securities that are currently considered safer.
Breakaway Resources Limited is pleased to announce a new gold exploration initiative initially focused on two high quality gold projects in Western Australia identified as part of a recently completed strategic review of its exploration portfolio.
Daisy Fuentes will launch a new fragrance called Mysterio at Kohl's in February 2011.
Filmmaker Sam Raimi is going to remake horror movie The Evil Dead, his first big directorial hit.
A church deacon from Preston was today due to be sentenced for 14 indecent assaults on children under the age of 13.
ESKOM said yesterday it could not afford wage demands sought by unions, adding to fears of a strike that could disrupt power supply during the Fifa World Cup.
Bharti Airtel, India's leading telecommunications service provider, has launched an online contest termed 'It happens only in India', aimed at creating a buzz around its popular virtual calling card service - Airtel CallHome.
US Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer visited Kirksville on Thursday.
The Memphis Grizzlies waived forward/center Brian Skinner, Grizzlies General Manager and Vice President of Basketball Operations Chris Wallace announced today.
South Korea will become the fourth country in the world to allow the killing of whales, despite their status as an endangered species.
On 2nd term eve, Obama cites commitment to service On the brink of a second term, President Barack Obama invoked Martin Luther King Jr.'s commitment to service Saturday as inauguration-goers flocked to the capital city for a distinctly American celebration including an oath-taking as old as the republic, a splashy parade and partying enough to last four years.
Medical devices firm Smith & Nephew posted a better than expected 27% jump in first quarter profit and said it is on the right track for the rest of the year.
Probably for Georgia it could be very important, however Georgian wine can only occupy about 4% of the entire Russian market which Onishenko thinks is not significant.
Kaco new energy, one of the world's largest solar inverter manufacturers with over three GW of PV inverters in the field to date, announces its US manufacturing partnership with Sanmina-SCI Corporation.
A 29-year-old Wood River man has been formally charged with false imprisonment, assault and criminal mischief and the case has been bound over to York County District Court.
Actress/model Kelly Brook is upset and annoyed with magazine bosses at Top Sante magazine after they published a ``completely false'' interview with her, during which she appeared to discuss her 2011 miscarriage.
More than 3,000 people -- mostly lawyers -- rallied on The Mall on Thursday.
Pakistan Saturday released 180 Indian prisoners - 179 fishermen and a civilian as a New Year gift for Indian fishermen.
Ghana and Gambia has agreed on a joint panel to investigate and establish the truth in the killings of some Ghanaian nationals in the neighbouring West African State.
USD/JPY looking tired, I am told stop loss sell orders are in place below 92.85 Dollar bulls could see better levels to establish long positions 92.50?
City Theatre closes its 2007/08 season with Bust, written and performed by Lauren Weedman.
Even though rare earth prices are soaring, many investors have overlooked a key sector which has pulled back providing a bargain opportunity before the rare earth crisis intensifies.
Medical laboratory workers have accepted a pay offer by district health boards, ending a bitter 14 month dispute.
Today, The Washington Post``s Ruth Marcus reveals another leading journalistic value -- extreme deference to those in political power -- with a column denouncing Emma Sullivan, the 18-year-old high school student in Kansas who committed the crime of saying something disrespectful about the Hon. Sam Brownback, her state's Governor.
A Spanish military helicopter fired on Somalian pirates in a failed bid to stop them from fleeing after they released the Alakrana tuna trawler, Spain's top military officer said Wednesday.
Suspicion that mobile phones could cause cancer has been around for many years, but the World's Health Organization has recently published an unsettling discovery to this regard: mobile phones can indeed cause cancer, actually a form of brain cancer called glioma, to be more exact.
A Lumberton man was killed Tuesday night in a single vehicle wreck on Rozier Church Road.
THE winds of change sweeping through Carlton appear to be gaining even greater force, with Blues midfielder Brock McLean believing the time is right for Chris Judd to step down as captain.
A man has been rebooked on drug charges in connection with a police-involved shooting in November.
2012-07-02T23:55:24Z 2012-07-03T02:05:16Z Calif. ski town votes to file for bankruptcyThe Associated Press The Associated Press Councilmembers in a small ski town high in California's Sierra Nevada voted unanimously Monday to file for bankruptcy, the second local government in the state to recently make that decision.
A Spanish man will reportedly set a world first when he gives birth to twins at the end of September.
Optoma has extended its full 1080p range with the EH1060 projector that boasts 3500 lumens and incorporates Crestron RoomView support.
Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor won the rain-shortened Grand Prix of Miami on Sunday at Homestead-Miami Speedway, in the No. 10 SunTrust Racing Corvette DP.
Country music icon Merle Haggard has returned home following lung cancer surgery last week at a hospital in Bakersfield, Calif., a publicist said Sunday.
Stags won the final of 2nd SPM club cricket league final defeating Ludhiana Gymkhana by 26 runs here on Monday at Ali Garh cricket ground.
The 19-year-old's lawyer Rex Butler says it is a ``foregone conclusion'' Johnston will pose nude in a Playgirl spread.
The CMU football team prepares for its game against MSU at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing.
Secretary of Aging Brian Duke issued the following statement about the death of former Pennsylvania Governor George Leader.
Greenpeace could face fines of tens of thousands of dollars for multiple breaches of local maritime law after Tuesday's protest in Lyttelton Harbour.
A man accused of first-degree murder in northeastern New Brunswick has been sent for a 30-day psychiatric assessment.
HURRICANE Ernesto made landfall late Tuesday in Mexico's Yucatan peninsula after churning across the Caribbean Sea and drenching the coasts of Honduras and Belize, forecasters said.
Days after his sister pulled out of the Olympic torch relay, Actor Saif Ali Khan reacts to the torch fiasco and says politics and sport should be kept separate.
A group of scientists headed by Nina Rohringer from the Hamburg Center for Free-Electron Laser Science realized the first X-ray laser based on atoms at the Californian research centre SLAC.
A truck trailer loaded with cargo was stolen from a lot in Manheim Township Sunday night.
Many firms will take a ``gap year'' from green IT projects in 2009 as they look to shore up balance sheets hit by the global economic recession, according to Gartner.
Maoist rebels killed eight villagers in an apparent revenge attack on suspected informers in a central Indian state, police said Sunday.
Grupo Planeta's national private broadcaster Antena 3 has a new investor:
A 73-year-old woman was grievously injured after being involved in a car incident on Triq San Annard in Zejtun yesterday afternoon.
Mexican singer and TV personality Thalia announced via Twitter she has given birth to her second child, a son.
ABOUT 300 properties have been flooded in north and western Victoria.
Weather Channel meteorologist Tom Saunders said today that western Sydney had so far experienced its coldest summer on record, with average temperatures at Parramatta down three degrees on normal.
A suspected serial burglar who tried fleeing a courtroom in April pleaded not guilty Wednesday to 20 felonies related to a six-month string of break-ins across Spokane County -- including one a business owner discovered on Christmas Day.
London, Nov 17 Australia strike bowler Mitchell Johnson says he has unfinished business with England and is ready to 'knock over guys like Strauss and Pietersen' in the Ashes series beginning next week in Brisbane.
Regis High School will hold its annual open house at the end of the month for families who are considering their educational options, the school announced in a press release.
Private operators can explore a variety of renewable energy sources in Mozambique, the country's Energy Minister said in Maputo at the end of a Council of Ministers meeting to approve the strategy for development of new and renewable energies.
A new species of the Brazilian porcupine has been discovered along Brazil's Atlantic coast.
Spectrum Brands Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as it lumbered under a heavy debt load.
FIFTH seed Ana Ivanovic has been knocked out of the Australian Open in the third round by Russian teenager Alisa Kleybanova.
Kuldeep Bishnoi, who was elected to the Lok Sabha from Hisar in Haryana, on Tuesday took oath as member of Parliament.
A new report shows that little progress has been made in reforming the land sector since the implementation of the new law started a year ago.
US stocks fell on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 index posting its biggest daily decline in more than a month, after a weaker-than-expected survey of private employers raised concerns about the strength of the economy.
Sharjah-based low cost carrier Air Arabia, has added its second destination in Sri Lanka to its route network with the launch of non-stop flights to Mattala.
Fayetteville police on Monday identified the woman killed in a Sunday morning motorcycle crash as Samantha Langston, 23, of Van Buren.
The Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Carl Bildt, visits Indonesia 21-22 April at the invitation of the Indonesian Minister for Foreign Affairs, Dr. N. Hassan Wirajuda.
A ``majority'' of Church Street businesses oppose an outdoor smoking ban on the pedestrian mall, according to a new survey by the Church Street Marketplace District Commission.
The construction worker injured in a fall from a Wythe County building Monday has been identified as Jose Murilio.
A family of four was rescued from a house fire in Stony Stratford in the early hours of this morning.
Michael Wolff leaves his post as Editorial Director of leading media industry publication Adweek, parent company Prometheus Global Media announces today.
Illegal mining has been continuing unabated in Karnataka despite the ban imposed by the state government on iron ore exports.
Kaohsiung County will connect 100km of bicycle trails by the end of this year to promote tourism in the area and offer a bicycle-friendly environment, a top official said yesterday.
Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said that he will move to Costa Rica if Barack Obama's health care reform plan passes.
Chelsea centre-back Alex has been ruled out for up to three weeks with a thigh injury.
A case was Monday registered against three CBI officials for allegedly beating and threatening suspended crime branch DYSP, N Abdul Rasheed,arrested in connection with the attack on a reporter of a Malayalam daily at Kollam last year.
BRITAIN edged ever closer to a recession on Tuesday and the IMF's top economist warned of a second Great Depression, as stock markets awaited fresh US growth data in the hope of some Christmas cheer.
Saif Ali Khan`s 'Go Goa Gone' will hit the screens in the New Year, and director Raj Nidimoru says it might release Feb 14, which happens to be Valentine`s Day.
Guide Dogs Scotland is calling for ``talking buses'' to be introduced across the country to cater for the needs of blind and partially sighted people.
Like the song ``The Boys are Back'', the black bears are back in town.
National energy company Ukrenergo has sold 550 MWs of electricity for export from March 1st 2012 to March 31st 2012 to two companies at an auction for access to the Ukrainian power grid for UAH 6,000.
Haryana managed to take a slender first innings lead over Orissa before reducing them to 64 for five in their second essay at the end of the second day of their Ranji Trophy Super League Group B match on Thursday.
In an Olympic medley of sports and politics, President Bush on Sunday called for more religious freedom in China, sought an end to an escalating conflict between Russia and Georgia and cheered US athletes as they dribbled and swam for the gold.
Happy Sindane was found dead in Tweefontein, next to Kwamhlanga, on Monday, Mpumalanga police said.
Tampa businesses are bracing for impact -- not from Tropical Storm Isaac, but protesters gearing up for the start of the Republican National Convention Tuesday.
OIL prices dived below US$63 per barrel on Tuesday, hitting the lowest levels since May, amid heightened concerns about energy demand in a struggling global economy.
A Rome woman told police that a laptop and cash was taken from her residence in a burglary, reports stated.
The challenge at the current juncture was to revive private credit demand, a Reserve Bank deputy governor, told a conference on Wednesday, a day after the bank announced its second quarter monetary policy review.
The Timbers announced they agreed to a deal with Songo'o on Thursday, signing the former Barcelona youth product after his solid showing in Portland's first four preseason games.
Twitter has just officially announced Vine, a new way to share video directly through tweets.
British band Coldplay won two top prizes at the Q music magazine awards on Monday, taking the Best Album title for chart-topper ``Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends'' and the Best Act in the World accolade.
Transocean Ltd, the world's largest offshore drilling contractor, has found more work for four of its 28 midwater rigs, and three secured higher rates, according to its fleet update out on Thursday.
Nova Scotia Power has pleaded guilty to a charge under the provincial Occupational Health and Safety Act over a fatal workplace accident.
Orissa has begun probing the Sep 9 cargo ship mishap near Paradip port in which one crew member was killed, officials said Thursday.
North Korean rice farmers are starving to death on meagre government-mandated rations.
In the latest issue of Famitsu, a Japanese magazine, Hideo Kojima told the reporters he is working on a new game.
Netizens could obtain ``online Expo passports'' after the official launching of a 3-D Expo park in the virtual world on May 1, Shanghai World Expo organizers said Thursday.
A short circuit caused a fire that broke out in an institution specialised in organising wedding ceremonies in Waset area in Al Ain.
A series of powerful explosions at an arms storage complex on the outskirts of Sofia rocked the Bulgarian capital on Thursday, panicking thousands and breaking windows, authorities and eyewitnesses said.
A Jefferson City Public School bus was involved an accident during the morning commute to school on Wednesday.
By Gavin Aitchison '' CHEERING crowds have welcomed HMS York home to Britain following a wide-ranging deployment to the South Atlantic and Libya.
Oscar winner Pookutty said, ``Satyamev Jayate was a completely doctored show.
But according to a well-placed source, Gavin Rossdale is most definitely not cheating on Gwen Stefani with the nanny.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ezcorp since the stock closed above $18.99.
It is curtains for the well-known Anand theatre on SP Road in Secunderabad.
The Sioux Falls school board has suspended the distribution of pamphlets and fliers from non-profit organizations until at least Nov. 10.
His Majesty King Abdullah, the Supreme Commander of the Jordan Armed Forces, on Tuesday stressed that national unity is everyone's responsibility.
Former US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will rejoin the Council on Foreign relations later this month, the organization announced on Wednesday.
An arrest was made Thursday morning in the poisoning of the age-old oak trees at Toomer's Corner in Auburn.
Actress-turned-director Pooja Bhatt hopes Jism 2 would be lucky for her the way Arth was for her father Mahesh Bhatt.
Dunkin' Brands Inc. said on Monday, March 5, 2012 that NBA superstar James agreed to promote Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins ice cream in Asia where the company has about a third of its stores.
Stocks broke a three-day losing streak today with the Dow staging a triple-digit rally finding its footing above 15,000 again.
A Parke County teenager has died of injuries sustained in an accident Sunday afternoon on US 41, near Lyford.
A new invasive pest that can damage hardwood and fruit trees has been discovered in Maine.
I enjoy the fact that Jacobs is ripping Romo because he's a Cowboys QB and for that I hate him, but Romo does have some talent.
County and state officials are joining together to organize a forum that will allow parents and their children in grades 6 through 8 to discuss violence, bullying, drugs and gangs.
Apache Corporation, an energy company that explores, develops and produces natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids, has resumed operations at the Stag field offshore Western Australia after the passage of a tropical low pressure system.
Former England coach Sir Clive Woodward praised Jonny Wilkinson as a ``marvellous team man'' after the fly-half announced his retirement from international rugby union on Monday.
A majority of Argentines want Diego Maradona sacked as national team coach after their poor results in World Cup qualifiers, according to a survey published on Friday.
JASON ROBINSON is coming out of retirement to play for National North Two side Fylde next season.
Seventeen years after he suddenly left a West End production following a critical review, actor Stephen Fry is returning to the London stage today.
Today, Friday, July 23, Peru will send its first shipment of Hass avocados to the United States, with a total of 40 metric tons, announced Peru's Agriculture Minister, Adolfo de Córdova.
Erik Bedard is set to return for the Mariners this Friday when the lefty will take the mound for Seattle against the Rays.
There is positivity in the housing market but more needs to be done for first-time buyers, according to a leading economist.
Germany is planning annual cuts and tax hikes of €10bn to set an example for the Eurozone and also to cut its debt in compliance with a ``debt guillotine'' that has been written into the German constitution.
Police are investigating death threats directed at Sunderland and Ireland winger James McClean on Twitter from a man claiming to be a former British soldier.
The Jamaat-e-Islami has announced to launch 'Go America Go' movement across the province, as according to the party the US presence in Afghanistan and its increased influence in Pakistan is the root cause of all the mess in the country.
Federal Minister for Petroleum and Natural Resources Dr Asim Hussain on Monday said that the natural gas supply position will improve next month.
Enterprise Software and Ortec have joined forces to develop an integrated transport management and routeing system.
Social conservatives -- abortion foes, gay marriage opponents, transgender rights critics -- may sit out the 2010 election, a Massachusetts hard-line conservative activist said Tuesday, arguing that no statewide candidates for office have championed their views.
A gaffe-prone Indonesian minister has backed the idea of state-run cannabis farms in a country that imposes the death penalty for people caught trafficking the drug.
A 12-year-old boy claims Bieber hit him while playing a game.
Coach Pat Shurmur said he'll address the bounty scandal with his players to ``make sure we do things the right way.''
Late last week in the early parts of this week showed Bank of America refinance mortgage rates up slightly to around 4.35%.
A GROUP of pupils from a Trowbridge school witnessed dramatic wilderness rescues while on a training expedition.
Virgin Media is pinning hopes on Hollywood star Samuel L Jackson after racking up heavy losses at the end of last year.
actually 85 street signs -- stolen from areas all over the city.
Bow Wow, formerly known as Lil Bow Wow, revealed on his website that he has a daughter who he and his estranged baby momma named Shai Moss.
Sydney forward Ben McGlynn was due to have surgery in a Perth hospital after suffering a depressed fracture of the cheekbone in the Swans' win over Fremantle.
French media are reporting that French tennis player Mathieu Montcourt had died at the age of 24.
Kolkata Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee today said that work for the Eastern freight corridor of the Railways would start next week and it will be done without any assistance from any financial institution.
Vice President Mohammad Hamid Ansari on Tuesday said Vietnam has emerged as a regional power in South-East Asia with political stability and a dynamic economy.
Angola will update its electoral register between July and September, according to the Minister of Territory Administration, Bornito de Sousa.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by seven co-inventors for a ``user pivot navigation of shared social media.''
THE NSW Greens have delivered another marathon speech to delay the government's industrial relations bill - but failed to break their own record.
England won against West Indies because of a very English invention, Hawk-Eye, a system created with science and technology in deepest Hampshire.
Australia's Qantas Airways said Friday it has canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s and delayed the delivery of another 15 aircrafts due to turbulent market conditions.
``We're still actively investigating her death,'' the Niagara Regional Police sergeant said Thursday.
Gabriele Tarquini has taken pole position for the second time in 2012 at Portimão, setting a new lap record around the Portuguese circuit of 1:53.966.
Amedica and Medline Industries entered into a strategic business alliance to align Amedica's spinal surgical device business with Medline's medical and surgical products network.
An Arima man was murdered and his girlfriend injured during a gun attack on the man's home on Wednesday night.
By Troy Wolverton, San Jose Mercury News, Calif. Oct. 12--twolverton@mercurynews.com AT&T on Monday announced new features for subscribers of its U-verse pay TV service who own Microsoft-powered devices.
Vega is offering places at its Pactware training days at its headquarters in Burgess Hill on 30 September, 28 October and 25 November, 2009.
The Harrington New Century Club will hold a craft show and bake sale from 10 am to 3 pm March 31 at the club, 103 Dorman St.
Powerscreen of Florida, a dealer of aggregate processing equipment made by Ireland-based Powerscreen, has opened a new support center in the Dominican Republic.
Stocks closed moderately higher Friday after an erratic session that had investors tussling with concerns about the ongoing problems in the banking industry in response to more billion-dollar losses at Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. Yet investors were also heartened by plans for both banks to restore themselves to profitability, and they were also willing to place bets on a range of consumer and industrial stocks.
I write these words in a Ramada Inn in Saginaw, Michigan, hometown of the poet Theodore Roethke, who wrote a poem that began, ``I knew a woman, lovely in her bones, when small birds sighed she would sigh back at them.''
Jennifer Aniston is determined to find a husband so she can have children, according to source.
Auto major Mahindra and Mahindra said it will launch its mini truck Maxximo, the first product from its new facility in Chakan,at the Auto Expo during January 5-11.
Sobrexa reviews report is released by Down to earth video Ltd. The news has received positive comments from people on the Company's site.
``We are going to insist, we must insist on a grade separated junction - a flyover, underpass, it has to be something like that.''
ROSCOMMON retained their title at the expense of an out-of-sorts Mayo.
A 17-year-old high school soccer player was shot several times in front of his home in Winnetka Wednesday evening.
General Motors is expanding an earlier recall of some 2011 model-year trucks and SUVs to fix a problem that could cause the vehicles' rear axles to lock.
Taiwan saw machinery exports grow 5.1% year-on-year to reach US$1.341 billion in January, according to customs-cleared statistics conducted by the Taiwan Association of Machinery Industry.
A man convicted of murder in Oklahoma County was sentenced to life in prison.
CHICAGO -The Chicago Bears released former Pro Bowl wide receiver Muhsin Muhammad on Monday, cutting the veteran after three seasons.
It is also one of the most prescribed psychiatric drugs in America.
Boise police and a city mechanic will be at Timberline High School, on the corner of Boise Avenue and Apple Road, from 2:45 to 4 pm Wednesday to offer free safety checks on student vehicles.
Adele gave birth to a baby boy last week, according to various tabloid reports.
Former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson is running for president -- one of at least a dozen ``Republican'' candidates who is at some stage of flirtation with the quest.
In a magazine interview, Pitt said a secret grotto behind a waterfall in his swimming pool is a ``great place for sex'' with his movie siren wife Angelina Jolie.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 161 points today as investors worried that lawmakers were losing the sense of urgency seen last week, when the government proposed a massive bailout for financial institutions as a way to revive ailing credit markets.
Pop star Lady Gaga made a surprise visit to Olympic Stadium in Seoul, the country's biggest sports and entertainment venue, on Sunday, expressing her excitement to her fans via Twitter.
Holden will cut production at its Adelaide assembly operations in July and August on the Commodore.
President Rafael Correa, a feisty leftist popular for his social programs, was widely favored to win re-election Sunday.
Rebekah Brooks's resignation has been welcomed by David Cameron, but he says she must still face a select committee of MPs next week over phone hacking.
New Delhi, Aug 25 With the Team Anna pressing for the passage of the Jan Lokpal Bill, LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan today said Parliament was the only forum to frame and enact laws and no one should be allowed to impose their demands on it.
The world oil market could be set for a lengthy slowdown, the International Energy Agency said on Wednesday, signalling a sharp shift in the climate that pushed the oil price to 100 dollars last month.
A Maquoketa, Iowa, man and four others have pleaded guilty to federal drug and money laundering charges in a scheme to smuggle marijuana from Canada to the United States.
Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor had a strong opening in mainland China, where it was filmed as a co-production between Universal Pictures and Shanghai Film Group, despite a delayed release date.
Over 10.7 million passengers used air flights to and from Romania, but also domestic air flights, in 2011, according to the statistics of the Transports and Infrastructure Ministry.Out of the 10.78 million passengers, 9.31 million used the international air flights and 1.46 million the domestic air flights.The total number of passengers using the air transport in 2011 is slightly declining compared with 2010, when 10.12 million passengers ...
United States said they have right to defend themselves as Pakistan has.
A 40-year-old teacher, who was allegedly pressurised by village education committee to own up some financial irragularities in an eduactional project, committed suicide inside a class room at a school here, police said today.
Fox Business reported that global oil demand is likely to surge by 1.2% in 2012 to 88.96 million barrels a day.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has declared a dengue outbreak in Pakistan's Punjab province as an ``epidemic'' and announced the formation of a Coordination and Strategy Cell to help control vectors and infectious diseases.
After defeating Algeria, the United States will now play Ghana in the second round of the World Cup this Saturday at 2:30pm ET.
NASA said two communications satellites have collided in the first-ever crash of two intact spacecraft in orbit.
An accident closed the Seward Highway in both directions near Mile 111 and McHugh Creek Sunday night.
Banks seem keen to lend more to businesses and households but both sectors have became more cautious as they deal with fallout from the recession, Reserve Bank Governor Alan Bollard told MPs today.
The Phoenix Suns traded guard DJ Strawberry to the Houston Rockets on Monday for rookie guard Sean Singletary.
Former New Zealand international Chris Cairns has won his libel case against Lalit Modi and been awarded £90,000 in damages.
New Delhi, July 31 India's economic growth will fall below 6 percent in the first half of the current fiscal but would pick up thereafter and inflation would moderate to 7 percent by September, Kaushik Basu, outgoing chief economic advisor, said Tuesday.
Officers investigate the scene in East Cloverdale Friday where a pedestrian was struck and killed.
A toddler nearly drowned accidentally at a Ventura home this morning when his father briefly left him alone in a bathtub, police said.
Marshall County is one of eight Indiana cities and counties selected to host community conversations customized to meet their region's most critical needs.
An Omaha firefighter fell through the floor and into the basement of a house Tuesday, but he walked away uninjured.
A London court has ruled this morning that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will be extradited to Sweden to face sex crime charges.
Mollie Sugden, the comedy actress best-loved for her role as Mrs Slocombe in Are You Being Served?, has died aged 86.
Wales staged a remarkable second-half comeback with two tries in three minutes to beat England 26-19 at Twickenham in the Six Nations on Saturday.
Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez will seek a second opinion after an MRI revealed that he has a slight meniscus tear in his right knee.
A Henderson man was arrested yesterday on felony charges of being a felon in possession of a firearm.
The Lions signed veteran defensive back Domonique Johnson, two days after his release from the Washington Redskins.
Ubidyne, a provider of digital radio technology for the wireless industry, has raised $34 million in Series B funding.
Korea's rice reserve exceeded 1.5 million tons in the 2010 food grain year, the highest reached since 1994, the government said Tuesday.
On Wednesday, 27th June, Israeli Occupation forces arrested at dawn, six Palestinians in several raids on the West Bank governorates.
The NBA will reportedly take ownership of the New Orleans Hornets some time this week in an attempt to facilitate a sale of the franchise.
Hornets sale talks between George Shinn and minority owner Gary Chouest have reached an ``impasse,'' according to source close to the negotiations.
North Korea fired another short-range missile from its east coast on Sunday, following the launch of three missiles Saturday, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported.
US Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho, is writing a book that will reflect on the turmoil after his arrest last year in an airport sex sting.
The investigation continues into the death of a Caltrans worker who was struck Thursday by a panel truck on southbound Highway 99 in Lodi.
China Eastern Airlines, the country's third largest carrier by fleet size, is considering merging with Shanghai Airlines and leaving the door to future investment by Singapore Airlines, said Cao Jianxiong, President of China Eastern.
The Philippines ordered imports of 250,000 tons of rice on Monday as officials said two typhoons over the past 15 days had badly damaged farmlands and roads in the north and killed over 650 people.
Honda has extended its North American production slowdown because of a parts shortage caused by the floods.
Community cleanups are scheduled in three Harrisburg neighborhoods Saturday and organizers are hoping the expected good weather will bring out plenty of volunteers.
India, which has witnessed numerous terror attacks and still remains a potential target for such strikes, faces significant money laundering and terrorist financing risk, the IMF has warned.
Polish rock band Acid Drinkers has announced that their guitarist Aleksander ``Olass'' Mendyk passed away yesterday at the tender age of 29.
Dog Whisperer star Cesar Millan and his wife, Illusion have filed for divorce after 16 years of marriage.
Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie will speak at Gustavus Adolphus College from 12 to 1:30 pm Friday, April 9 in The Dive, located on the lower level of the OJ Johnson Student Union.
Virgin Media has launched arrange of mobile Internet and mobile broadband travel passes that allow customers to surf the web anywhere in the European Union.
News has recently broken that Matt Hamill a graduate of RIT has been inducted into the US National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
A flight captain who was remanded for allegedly causing the death of a garment worker was further remanded till May 2 by the Additional Magistrate of Mt.
The NEC headquarters at Tower Hill, Freetown has been transformed.
A source told gossip website X17Online: ``Chris is a mess.
France football star Thierry Henry has signed for York Red Bulls on a long-term deal, the US club announced on Wednesday.
A new human rights report says more Afghan women are choosing suicide to escape the violence and brutality of their daily lives.
Best Buy, one of the biggest US sellers of DVDs, is expected to launch its own movie download service on Tuesday for consumer electronics sold in its stores.
A member of a New York college volleyball team suspended for alleged hazing says she and other freshman players were handcuffed, blindfolded and forced to drink shots of liquor.
Melbourne, April 17 Some career women in Australia still enjoy doing household chores, a study reveals.
Rush Limbaugh was officially inducted Monday into the Hall of Famous Missourians.
Today is the last day for Frederick County property owners to request a rezoning, potentially boosting their development rights.
Chase Cartwright and Jordan Perry threw two touchdown passes apiece, Zach Bauman and Casey Jahn each added two more, and Northern Arizona picked up where it left off Saturday, blowing out Fort Lewis 69-0 in NAU's home opener.
MySpace says it will cut 300 international positions and close at least four offices outside the US as it looks to cut costs and narrow its territory coverage.
A Yankees fan once asked me why all Red Sox fans hate A-Rod.
Australian parliament today passed a landmark carbon pricing law that would impose a price on carbon emissions.
Manny Pacquiao, the world welterweight champion who was elected to the Philippines Congress earlier this month, was hospitalized with a mild stomach ulcer, according to The Associated Press.
Qatar Airways has appointed Marwan Koleilat as Chief Commercial Officer responsible for all commercial operations of the company, which operates a fleet of 97 aircraft to 100 destinations, worldwide.
A Caltrans worker driving an orange state-owned Caltrans vehicle was arrested on a DUI charge Tuesday morning.
Cardiff chairman Peter Ridsdale has vowed to ``move quickly'' in the loan market if the right player becomes available.
A group of Pakistani internet hackers has waged a cyber war on Indian sites, claiming to have infected over 200 of them and said the act was a revenge for a similar attack on Pakistani websites by a self-proclaimed ''Indian Cyber Army''.
STORM clouds gathered over the global economy yesterday, as a raft of gloomy data poured doubt on the strength of the UK and world recovery.
Tokyo: 'If Jane Austen lived today, she'd be a blogger' Dear reader, if Jane Austen lived today, she'd be an avid blogger, she'd be on Facebook, and of course she'd also be tweeting away -- but mostly about other people, not herself.
Protests are continuing for a third day in Lomé after two days of clashes between security forces and demonstrators calling for reforms ahead of upcoming elections.
Black Panther Donald Neilson -- who murdered Shropshire heiress Lesley Whittle in 1975 -- has died in hospital, it was announced this afternoon.
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing is being treated for blood clots in his lungs, one day after he was readmitted to a hospital where he'd recently undergone surgery for a perforated colon.
Shelby County District Attorney General Bill Gibbons said Tuesday that the Memphis city attorney, who is under state and federal investigation, has been temporarily suspended.
As of Halloween, you're one in seven billion.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia star Kaitlin Olson talks about her homebirth plan for the delivery of her first child with Sunny creator/co-star and husband, Rob McElhenney.
It's rumored that Amazon is selling more ebooks than Apple at a rate of 60 to 1.
Growth hormone therapy can significantly increase height in children with short stature, says a new study.
Terror infrastructure in Pakistan is ``existing and active'', according to Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor, who puts the number of terror camps there in between 30 and 50.
If he were alive today, what would Karl Marx drive?
Cleveland Browns receiver Donte Stallworth has been suspended for the entire 2009 season without pay, the NFL announced Thursday morning.
ACTA, the international copyright infringement treaty, hit delays in Germany, after a vote was postponed.
The Australian Counselling Association, the peak national body for registered counsellors and psychotherapists, has received a huge response overnight from its 3000-strong membership base from counsellors willing to provide pro bono counselling support to Victoria's bushfire victims, their families and the community at large.
India has been granted a 'lifeline' after most Kashmiris voted in landmark elections but the government must avoid complacency and intransigence if it is to bring peace, Indian Kashmir's new leader said on Tuesday.
Asda has axed its final salary pension scheme in a move that affects 3,800 managerial staff.
A Fremantle grain handling company has been fined $8000 after pleading guilty in the Fremantle Magistrates Court following a workplace accident.
Chris Pronger will make his preseason debut tonight against the Devils.
An RDX bomb was found planted by unidentified miscreants near the outer wall of the residence of one Salam Jugindro of Sagolband Sayang Kurao Makhong today at around 9 am.
Model Katie Price will not be making a statement to police over claims she was raped by an unnamed celebrity.
Tottenham defender Vedran Corluka has joined Bayer Leverkusen on loan until the end of the season, the Barclays Premier League club have announced.
Just off his divorce of Madonna it appears that Guy Ritchie already has a new girlfriend.
A Fort Carson soldier badly wounded while serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom has received a Purple Heart.
Prince William met Joe Jonas yesterday at a soccer coaching event at Maun Stadium in South Africa.
A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a truck on SH6 between Nelson and Rai Valley this afternoon.
Veteran welterweight fighter Josh Neer has signed a four fight contract extension with the UFC, keeping his fourth stint in the promotion alive.
The Red Sox missed a chance to move into a first-place tie in the AL East, losing to the Tampa Bay Rays 9-4.
Saint Paul's College, the struggling historically black school in Lawrenceville, has regained its accreditation via a preliminary injunction, pending further action by a federal judge.
Brown, who lost his re-election bid to Democrat Elizabeth Warren, gave a farewell speech on the Senate floor Wednesday.
A train incident late Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 6, shut down several railroad crossings for about 2 1/2 hours in New Miami and St. Clair Twp., according to Butler County Sheriff's dispatchers.
Suncorp merges its retail and banking business operations on the back of a decline in after tax profits.
Ventura-based Clean Diesel Technologies, a developer of emissions control systems for the heavy duty diesel and light duty vehicle markets, said today that it has raised $3M in a convertible note financing.
GRI is currently developing sustainability reporting guidelines for the oil and gas sector.
ITV have come out saying that there are no plans to reschedule the ``X Factor'' after reports that Simon Cowell is trying to move the competitive singing show from its usual autumn slot.
The number of NHS apprenticeships is set to treble to more than 5,000 after the government announced £25m for NHS organisations to help create them.
After a week break, Cellformer is back in action.
Dannii Minogue has turned down magazine offers worth large sums of money, according to reports.
A weather warning has been issued for this weekend with strong winds up to 100km/hr and heavy rain expected to hit the country.
A police officer was dragged alongside a moving car for up to 150 metres after he pulled over a motorist in Geelong today.
Former Jharkhand ministers Enos Ekka and Harinarain Rai were today released from the Birsa Munda Central jail here, two days after getting provisional bail from the Supreme Court.
Per CNN, comedian Dom DeLuise died late Monday night in a Los Angeles hospital after battling cancer for more than year.
Freddie Mac on Monday said it sold $3 billion of bills at higher rates and mixed demand compared with last week's sale of similar maturities.
A man has pleaded guilty to assaulting his girlfriend and stealing groceries from Tesco in Tunbridge Wells.
A West Orange man was carjacked Monday night in front of his High Street house, police said.
Waukesha is considering banning the sale of K2, joining a growing number of Wisconsin cities trying to get rid of what's described as ``fake pot.''
Anil Ambani Group company Reliance Power said on 20 February it has asked shareholders to make balance payment by 26 February on shares alloted to them in the IPO to be eligible for bonus shares.
Job Growth in Florida holds steady, according to The Florida Department of Economic Opportunity.
Gold futures continued to glitter as investors kept the risky assets at bay amid the unhealthy global atmosphere.
The currency board will remain until Bulgaria joins the euro area, Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Ivaylo Kalfin said at a press conference in the southern town of Hisarya where the political council of the ruling three-party coalition finished the first day of its session, Focus News Agency reported.
Lisa Ling, the former co-host of ``The View'' announced on Wednesday that she is expecting her first baby.
Crist is arriving in Russia today as his 10-day trade mission continues.
After record rainfall Sunday in Key West, the wet weather continues early Monday for South Florida.
A Hancock firefighter won't have to pay a careless driving ticket, after police cited him on the way to a fire call.
Bank of America Corp. has agreed to buy Merrill Lynch & Co. for about $44 billion, or around $29 a share, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Boxing promoter Don King on Tuesday sold his two-home Manalapan estate for $15.95 million -- $4 million less than the asking price.
The brother of a Naperville woman whose murder remains unsolved has been extradited from Florida to face identity theft charges, while police say he remains a ``person of interest'' in his sister's death.
Shabwa Governor Ali al-Ahmedi said on Monday that a security campaign had headed for the Hada district, Shabwa, to release two Chinese experts and two Yemeni soldiers and two drivers who were abducted on Sunday.
Apr. 3, 2008 06:39 AM A teenage girl was shot in the neck and taken to an area hospital after a shooting near 52nd and Roosevelt streets in Phoenix, according to reports.
Steve Holliday, the chief executive of National Grid, has become the chair of the homelessness charity Crisis.
Zynga shares have fallen by 30 cents or five percent following its 'Unleashed' press conference, reports Develop.
Brisbane's first victory in five games has been soured substantially by the news that star winger Israel Folau is to be sidelined for up to eight weeks with a fractured ankle.
CONCERNS have been raised that the ambulance service is being ``stretched to the brink'' in rural Gwynedd, with increased dependence on A&E services -- a claim denied by the health board.
After months of deliberation, the KSA board of directors adopted new sports leases at the quarterly KSA meeting on July 15.
Cormega says he'll retire if fans don't react properly to his new album....
An AR-15 giveaway has been shut down by Facebook.
Korea's first-ever immigration studies center was opened Thursday in Goyang City, Gyeonggi Province.
LSU coach Johnny Jones says starting guard Anthony Hickey has been suspended indefinitely because of an unspecified violation of athletic department and university policies.
Japan will nationalise a group of islands at the centre of a territorial row with China, the government said yesterday, prompting an angry rebuke from Beijing which vowed to ``never yield an inch''.
Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker left Wrigley Field in street clothes more than two hours before first pitch Wednesday night to get chest X-rays to ``rule out pneumonia,'' a Reds spokesperson said.
Royal Challengers Bangalore has taken the social media route for building its fan club and announced the Fanatic Fans Challenge.
Former LSU offensive lineman Herman Johnson has signed a three-year deal with the Arizona Cardinals.
Morgan Pressel has shot a course record 7-under 65 at Royal Birkdale to get back up among the leaders at the British Women's Open.
A man faces charges after he fled from police during a traffic stop last night in Dartmouth.
A student of Kailashkut Multiple Campus, Chabahil, attacked his senior with khukuri on Monday and injured him.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on Tuesday announced 78 grants of $100,000 each to support research in 18 countries in a bid to promote family health.
The private airliner Bhoja Air was issued an Air Operator Certificate early this year under political pressures, as the issuance of a Regular Public Transport licence does not enable an airliner to launch its operations, The News learnt Monday.
The Kenya shilling weakened against the dollar on Thursday as traders covered short positions after the close of a share offer which had lent the local unit a bullish outlook, dealers said.
Rock Solid Youth Center sold two downtown buildings earlier this month, including its primary site, but officials with the nonprofit continue to work toward reopening.
Motion upholstery producer Ekornes said its second annual Charity of Choice promotion, which offers discounts to consumers who make a charitable donation, raised more than $280,000 for a variety of charities.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. ``Today'' weekend anchor Jenna Wolfe says she and NBC news correspondent Stephanie Gosk are expecting a baby girl in August.
Morrison County Republicans conducted their annual convention Saturday at the Little Falls VFW Hall.
Iranian Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi on Tuesday called on the UN chief to visit Iran to receive a first-hand account of human rights abuses and warned against sanctions because they would hurt the Iranian people.
Former interior minister of Sindh and PPP dissident leader Zulfiqar Mirza has said that the nation, disappointed by the government and judiciary, is looking towards army.
Nigerian group claims 7 hostages killed Updated: 11:29, Sunday March 10, 2013 A Nigerian Islamist group claims it has killed seven foreign hostages abducted from a construction site last month.
Singh said, ``they must make sure that Air India does not lose credibility''.
A Las Vegas food company is recalling nearly 14,000 pounds of lasagna because the packaging doesn't say it contains soy.
The government Saturday said Home Minister P. Chidambaram was not responsible for the 2G spectrum scam and that charges against him were ''politically motivated''.
To prevent Manchester City from replacing arch rivals United as the dominant force in the English Premier League, Sir Alex Ferguson is all set to spend 100 million pounds to get new players this summer.
The City Council passed the underage drinking ordinance at their regular Council meeting on Monday, Dec. 5.
Boeing Co said its quarterly profit narrowed due to order deferrals by cash-strapped airlines but its shares rose as the planemaker did not increase cuts in production rates.
President Barack Obama has renewed Syria sanctions for a year, noting among other factors its continued backing of terrorist groups.
The Newark Bears announced on Friday that they have hired former Yankee Jim Leyritz as the team's new pitching coach.
The Indian government is offloading stakes in metal companies in an effort to pump revenue into its slowing economy.
A Pensacola woman was killed early Tuesday morning in a single vehicle crash on the Bayou Texar Bridge.
Sir David admitted that he too often cried over the fate of animals in his programmes, but said he never allowed himself to be filmed getting upset as that would be ``making an exhibition'' of himself.
A House panel passed a sweeping tobacco regulation bill Wednesday, putting it on pace for passage by the full House far earlier in the congressional session than last year.
Dubai, July 17 The low cost airline Flydubai has launched its first flight to Iraq by flying to the city of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdish region, the company announced Saturday.
Gary Talcott, a longtime guide for Rainier Mountaineering Inc., reached the 14,411-foot summit of Mount Rainier Monday morning, Sept. 15, for the 300th time.
The long wait for a dream home is almost over for some 300 buyers when an abandoned housing project in Relau was revived following a 12-year delay.
The US trade deficit narrowed unexpectedly in April, official data showed on Thursday.
Navua beat Ba 2-nil with Jesoni Takala scoring the first goal before Pita Bolaitoga increased the lead.
Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor on Friday said Pakistan was continuing to push in militants from across the border into Jammu and Kashmir but the Armed Forces deployed there were capable of tackling it.
A Task Force to enforce the Fisheries Act has been inaugurated in Accra.
BLACK RIVER FALLS, Wis. ― A Black River Falls couple has died in a rollover crash.
The officials for matches 33-40 were announced Monday, with two referees appointed to their third matches.
SYDNEY FC has swooped to sign former Socceroo striker Joel Griffiths to bolster its struggling A-League squad.
28 year old Conor Casey has scored two goals against the team of Honduras.
The government Thursday set up a technical panel to review the Tendulkar Committee methodology for deciding the poverty line for which it has under increasing criticism in recent months.
It has been more than a week since Best Buy announced it would close 50 stores nationwide, but employees at the Twin Falls outlet remain uncertain about their future.
``Sometimes I feel like a zoo animal,'' the Fox News quoted Kardashian as saying in the new issue of Cosmopolitan.
Heather Mills is suing her former publicist for more than $460,000 for breach of confidence after the ex-employee slammed the one-time glamour model in a revealing newspaper interview.
Yankees manager and former Northwestern star Joe Girardi missed his second straight game Saturday with an upper respiratory infection.
European leaders at the G20 Summit in Cannes have suggested that Greece may have to leave the euro if it does not come to an agreement on the financial bailout put forward by ministers.
Marks & Spencer is to open its first standalone sandwich shop this spring in Kensington, London.
We The Kings have announced they will be releasing a new song titled, ``Any Other Way,'' next week or next.
Japanese supermarket chain Ito-Yokado has said it will open more of its 'The Price' discount stores, as it looks to cash in on the growing demand for low-priced food.
A Malin man arrested in February on domestic violence charges has pleaded guilty to kidnapping and assault.
ZURICH -FIFA says it has lifted a threat to suspend Ukraine from world football but will continue monitoring the 2012 European Championship co-host to ensure politicians have stopped meddling in the national federation's business.
Tropical storms Talim and Guchol were battering Taiwan and Japan this week with high winds and heavy rain.
A three and a half year toddler has been grabbed from a Montessori in Mundalama in the Chilaw District yesterday, police said today.
ZimOnline reported that investment in South Africa 's sugar sector has slowed on the back of uncertainty over the land reform process in South Africa - because of the slow pace at which the target of one third of farmland is being transferred to black ownership.
But footballer David Beckham made a rare appearance as a 'cover boy' for men's glossy Fantastic Man.
Belden Inc., a global company in signal transmission solutions for mission-critical applications, has announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its consumer electronics assets in China to Shenzhen Woer Heat-Shrinkable Material Co., Ltd. for consideration of approximately $43 million.
Dart Group says that it hopes to meet market expectations for the current year.
Screenwriter and director Paul Schrader has donated his collection to the Harry Ransom Center, a humanities research library and museum at The University of Texas at Austin.
`` return to article LIRR works to bring back suspended trains 7:25 AM JOHN VALENTI The Long Island Rail Road, which restored train service on seven lines Monday night, was ... Comments Log in to comment Publish this comment to Facebook ``I truly hope that getting service restored on the Long Beach line is a priority for commuters sake instead of worrying to restore power and service so people can get out east for the weekend! Get your priorities in order! 3 m ago
A drug used to treat heavy menstrual periods could also save the lives of heavily bleeding trauma patients, according to a new review.
Kuwaiti ministers walked out of parliament today in protest at demands by MPs to interrogate the prime minister, triggering another political crisis.
Astronaut Mark Kelly, the husband of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, retired from the Navy on Saturday.
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has reportedly restructured his contract to help the club in its salary cap issues.
French carmaker Peugeot has unveiled its new Partner electric van, which is developed in collaboration with Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Despite strong growth in the Indian mobile phone market, just 15.2 million smartphones were sold in India during 2012, compared to 206 million featurephones, according to recent figures.
A fatal bear mauling could have been prevented, according to a statement made by federal authorities on April 30, 2013.
CHINA Eastern Airlines says it will buy 60 Airbus A320 aircraft in a deal worth $US5.39 billion to meet booming domestic travel demand.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee returned home today from his US trip against the backdrop of the controversy created by a Finance Ministry note on 2G spectrum allocation.
Indian corn futures hit highs at open on Monday on strong export demand from South East Asian countries, and increasing local demand.
Toyota Motor Corp will slow some North American production because of supply disruptions caused by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
Beijing, May 26 President Pratibha Patil arrived on a six-day trip to China Wednesday at a time when the two Asian giants are marking the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations that have lately been scarred by distrust, perceptional differences and border tensions.
Smartphone contracts are costing consumers more and resulting in more having debt problems as a result of paying their monthly fees.
A £600 million rail investment, which will improve stations and routes in Leicestershire, has been welcomed by the County Council.
Titans wide receiver Kenny Britt walks out of general sessions court court after his charges for falsifying drivers license application were dropped Tuesday, Dec. 6, 2011 in Nashville, Tenn. / GEORGE WALKER IV / THE TENNESSEAN Prosecutors dropped charges against Tennessee Titans wide receiver Kenny Britt Tuesday.
Italian utility Enel SpA said Thursday that first half results dropped 31 percent, as strong energy sales were offset by lower income from financial operations.
Israeli author Naomi Ragen lost a plagiarism suit regarding her best-selling book ``Sotah.''
Vodafone Ghana has paid the outstanding medical bills of over 130 stranded patients in hospitals around the country, allowing hospitals to release them to go home to spend Valentine's Day with their loved ones.
We're following up Monday's Law Blog story to tell you that the North Carolina Senate, as expected, rewrote the Racial Justice Act, approving a bill titled No Discriminatory Purpose in the Death Penalty.
Tony George denied a report Wednesday that he has been ousted as CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Sarah Harding came to the rescue of a drunken reveller while holidaying in Ibiza after seeing him lying in the street unconscious.
ACCESS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,a biopharmaceutical company specializing in products for cancer and supportive care, announced today it has signed an exclusive specialty distribution agreement with BioScrip for its lead product, MuGard -- an FDA-approved, ready-to-use mucoadhesive oral wound rinse for the management of oral mucositis, a debilitating side effect of radiotherapy and/or chemotherapy.
Reliance Mutual Fund on Wednesday said it would launch an open-ended index fund.
Prominent pianist, jazzman Tigran Hamasyan will give master class in Armenia and Artsakh from April 8 to May 10.
Bruno Mars has retired his signature pompadour hairstyle to shave time off his morning routine.
David M. Ketchmark, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, announced that a Bethany man was sentenced in federal court on Monday for his role in a string of armed grocery store robberies.
Halifax woman faces drug trafficking charges after police seized crack cocaine during a search Friday night.
David Brooks used the money to pay for a $5,000 pen, a $60,000 replica of the bronze bull on Wall Street and a $3-million lawyer's fee, an FBI agent testified Monday in federal court in Central Islip.
Diamond Jo Casino will offer a free meal on Sunday, Sept. 11 for veterans and safety service personnel.
A report from SI.com says that San Francisco coach Jim Harbaugh will start Colin Kaepernick against New Orleans this week.
Upstate skaters will soon have a new place to practice their triple salchows and double axels when the Bi-Lo Center opens its ice rink to the public later this month.
THE boyfriend of a grandmother whose body was found in a shallow grave today denied murdering her.
Hyderabad, Aug 24 India tightened their grip on the first Test as New Zealand were struggling at 106 for five in the first innings, still needing 133 runs to avoid the follow-on, after the second day's play in the first Test at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Uppal, here Friday.
New Bristol City goalkeeper David James hopes to stay in the England squad despite playing in the Championship.
Argentina legend Diego Maradona may coach in the English Premier League.
Thousands thronged the fish medicine mela that started on Tuesday at 5 pm at the Nampally Exhibition Grounds.
Air Astana formed a partnership with Aerosim Technologies to establish a pilot training center in Almaty.
The Snaefell will be taken out of service next month for repair work to be carried out.
The Sensex pared some of its gains as profit booking was seen at higher levels.
Although Anibal Sanchez was hoping to sign a long term deal with the Miami Marlins, the starter will be pleased to learn that he won his arbitration case against the Marlins Friday.
Whistleblower haven WikiLeaks will temporarily stop releasing leaks because of a lack of funds, the organization announced at a press conference in London on Monday.
British actor Robert Pattinson has denied romancing his 'Twilight' co-star Kristen Stewart and insists she is a ``professional partner'' who makes his ``every move, every sentence authentic.''
``West Bengal is marching ahead and we can safely go back and tell our colleagues that if they are interested, it is on the move,'' NRI industrialist Lord Swraj Paul said on Monday.
Taiwanese pop diva A-mei will give a major concert in June on the occasion of the 125th anniversary of the world's leading beverage company.
Chloe Madeley has said that she always agrees with Dancing On Ice judge Jason Gardiner.
Steel producer Corus, part of the Tata Steel Group, is to begin mothballing its Redcar plant, resulting in the loss of up to 1,600 jobs and possible industrial action.
LL Bean, the Freeport-ME-based apparel, outdoor gear and home goods cataloger, plans to lay off 200 to 240 workers due to declining sales, according to the Associated Press.
Now, according to a recent Wall Street Journal article, mortgage rates should be lower based on a historical measure.
'The Left should have withdrawn its support earlier as the government's intention on the nuclear deal had been clear all along,' Bardhan told reporters here.
London, Oct 6 Hollywood superstar Leonardo DiCaprio will reportedly star in adaptation of Don Winslow''s best-selling novel ''Satori''.
Pearl Jam plan on releasing a new live album titled Live on Ten Legs to celebrate their twentieth anniversary.
A new association has formed to transfer longevity and mortality-related risk to the capital markets in the same way that some of the world's biggest perils, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, are protected against by shifting the risk to investors via catastrophe bonds.
NBA commissioner David Stern says he has ``stopped the clock'' on a deadline he imposed on the NBPA during ongoing labor negotiations.
The PAP regime has passed amendments to the Maintenance of Parents Act in its rubber-stamp parliament to strengthen rules forcing Singaporeans to support their aged parents.
Governor Jim Doyle has signed a trade agreement with Israel on research and technology development.
British Prime Minister David Cameron is on an important trip to America to meet US President Barack Obama.
FRANKEL will face a maximum of 14 rivals in the Qipco 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket on Saturday.
The stocks are set to crawl and inch up on moderation in risk aversion and expectations of a rally around the federal budget in two weeks, notes brokerage house Khandwala Securities.
The perception of financial experts regarding the evolution of Romanian economy for the next six months got worse in February, but this is second in Central and Eastern Europe as regards the attractiveness for foreign investment, according to a survey of ZEW institute.
Subscribe to David's RSS feed The BBC is preparing to launch a music streaming service called Playlister, similar to the hugely popular iPlayer catch-up service.
Evidence has revealed that a Khayelitsha mother accused of murdering her baby was a minor of 17, Western Cape police said on Thursday.
Ashgabat/Moscow - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrived Tuesday in Turkmenistan on the second leg of his Central Asia tour aimed at boosting Iran's economic and diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Nancy Pelosi has announced that she will run for House Democratic Leader.
Former foreign secretary Douglas Hurd has attacked government plans to introduce VAT on church renovations, claiming the religious institution already has ``a raw deal''.
Netflix has recently updated their web video player and have not only refreshed its look, but also added some new features.
England and Aston Villa midfielder Gareth Barry has joined Manchester City for 12 million pounds, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.
Factoryville Boy Scout Troop 175, under the direction of Jamie Reese, built 10 handicapped accessible picnic tables for the Joint Municipal Park located at 150 Creek Rd., Factoryville.
Cincinnati Bengals receiver Chad Ochocinco was sidelined in the third quarter of the game with the New York Jets on Sunday night with a left knee injury.
Billionaire Marc Rich, who invented oil trading and was pardoned by President Bill Clinton over tax evasion, racketeering and busting sanctions with Iran, died on Wednesday in Switzerland aged 78.
In an encounter top Harkat-ul-Mujahideen militant was killed in Sopore town of North Kashmir on Wednesday, Jul 21.
Dutch police on Tuesday arrested 150 squatters and their supporters who tried to prevent them from clearing a squat in central Amsterdam.
A Longmont man pleaded guilty to one count of DUI-related vehicular homicide last month and avoided a trial that was scheduled to begin Monday.
France does not plan to start arming opposition rebels in Libya although it does not oppose others doing so, a presidential source said on Wednesday.
Governor Tim Pawlenty announced today that President Obama has approved a major disaster declaration for Minnesota.
Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich pleaded not guilty as expected on Tuesday on 16 felony counts, including trying to sell the Senate seat of President Barack Obama.
NMDC will acquire 26% stake in Brazilian iron ore co Amplus for around USD 10-15 million, reports CNBC-TV18.
Sirius XM has signed a multiyear deal with talk-show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger.
After Jessica Alba claimed that she will not give nude scenes in movies now singer/actress Jessica Simpson has vowed that she will never strip for the camera.
Ricky Schroder plays a man of God in his new film 'Blood Done Sign My Name,' telling a real-life civil rights story.
On Sunday, December 9, 2012, 60 Minutes will feature a story on wrongful convictions and false confessions.
Mariah Carey and husband Nick Cannon renewed their wedding vows at their Beverly Hills home Friday night to celebrate their second anniversary.
Casino slots free tight grasp on their and helpful woman who a man on aa princess in a one side to sweet for the artist but in law Rombertus the other to a he was never a by his cavalier manners.
This is what's in the news for Thursday, June 9th.
INDYCAR says it has released England-based Lotus from its engine supply contract.
Sir David Jason has apologised for a ``joke'' he made about Pakistanis on a radio show.
Royal Challengers skipper Anil Kumble has stated that his team would take advantage of home support during the upcoming Champions League Twenty20 tournament.
Atlantis undocked from the station for the final time of the space shuttle era at 2:28 am EDT Tuesday.
Future Group plans to invest Rs 2500 crore in food processing infrastructure development in Madhya Pradesh, official sources said on Friday.
FC Porto beat struggling 10-man Sporting Lisbon 2-0 on Sunday, with goals by Colombian duo Jackson Martinez and James Rodriguez keeping the titleholders level with Portuguese leader Benfica.
Real Madrid moved clear in second place in the Primera Liga with a 1-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna.
State Senator Chris Telfer says now is not the time to give big tax breaks when the State is cutting social programs and school districts are laying off teachers.
Kentucky and Kansas will play for the national championship Monday night in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
The death toll of south Yemen clashes between anti-regime demonstrators and police has risen to three, with at least 19 people wounded, a medical official said on Friday.
An Assam State Transport Corporation bus service from Tuli to Jorhat via Amguri was inaugurated by L. Temjen Jamir, MLA and NBDA and Pradeep Hazarika, MLA from Amguri Constituency, Assam on January 13 at Tzudikong Town in the presences of Tuli Area public leaders and general masses.
Alert) reports that the country's second largest cable company, Time Warner Inc, is funding a social TV analytics start-up Bluefin Labs.
Brett Gardner said his bruised wrist is feeling better and he expects to be able to swing a bat by Wednesday.
``I've learnt a lot about some people today and it is better to know that now than later.
Nitin Gadkari on Thursday met LK Advani, who is apparently unhappy over the BJP president's continuance in his post, to wish him on his birthday.
The Dutch government says its main website has been periodically inaccessible in the past day due to a coordinated cyberattack.
A top US general on Thursday said Taliban leader Mullah Omar should be ``worried'' after US forces killed Osama bin Laden, predicting the raid would damage the Afghan insurgency's morale.
TFL's Public Relations Manager Vanessa Kilner said communications to Labasa and Savusavu has been restored after transmission links at Mount Delaikoro sustained damage over night.
FORMER Scotland assistant manager Alex Miller has made history by being sent to Siberia to revive a struggling club!
By RONALD BLUM AP Sports Writer The rest of baseball is starting to catch up with the big spenders.
Federal income tax forms are available at the courthouse in Grants Pass, announced Josephine County Treasurer & Tax Collector John Harelson.
When the empire strikes back, it hits hard.
An Ohio man has been charged with defrauding fellow Amish in 29 states out of nearly $17 million by moving their money from safer securities to riskier investments subject to market fluctuations, federal prosecutors said Thursday.
No worries, Patch is asking you to help us determine where are the best places to kiss in University Place.
A 43-year-old Renton man was killed Friday afternoon by a falling tree, Bellevue police said.
October is known as breast cancer awareness month in many parts of the world.
In an astounding example of family loyalty and love, a Chinese man has been kept alive for the past five years with a homemade ventilator.
Songwriting legend Hank Cochran is recovering at a Nashville hospital following surgery performed to remove cancerous tumors from his pancreas and lymph node.
A Fond du Lac County priest has been placed on administrative leave over sexual misconduct allegations in Montana.
In my concluding remarks last Tuesday of last month, I pointed out that human development is not a gift given to a people by some rich 'goody-goody' elite.
The Luanda governor, Francisca do Espírito Santo, Saturday in Luanda admitted that the capital has a ``very young'' prison population which grows larger and larger every days and often commits crimes of extreme barbarity.
As the Olympic Games draw closer, more human rights protests are breaking out in Beijing.
A woman who fell into a river full of crocodiles when a bungee jump went wrong, says it is a miracle she is still alive.
US Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu says that the DOE has finalized a $90.6 million loan guarantee to Cogentrix of Alamosa LLC. The loan guarantee will support the Alamosa solar project, a 30 MW high-concentration PV power generation facility.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates American standout Ryan Lochte set the first individual swimming world record since high-tech bodysuits were banned on Thursday, winning the 400-meter individual medley at the short-course world championships.
Today, in a historic victory for LGBT advocates, the Senate voted to repeal DADT.
A Golden Gate man is accused of selling crack cocaine to undercover deputies on several occasions.
Evidence suggests that two novel fastidious bacteria linked to bacterial vaginosis are also associated with pelvic inflammatory disease.
Afghanistan has called upon the Pakistan to take serious measures against Islamist groups launching attacks on Afghan targets from secure havens inside Pakistan.
AP) Wizards rookie guard Shelvin Mack will be taking over the Wizards official Twitter feed today for a little ``get to know you'' session.
Benelux ICT services provider Cegeka has opened its new Tier-3 data centre in Hasselt.
Carlos Delgado of the New York Mets will have surgery today on the same hip injury that sidelined Alex Rodriguez for two months.
Shake Shack, the modern day roadside burger and hot dog stand serving up beer and wine at upscale locations in New York, announced today it will open its first true roadside Shack in Westport in the second half of 2011.
06:06 PM,Jun 30,2011 Araria, Jun 30 AICC General Secretary Rahul Gandhi will visit Forbesganj in Araria district of Bihar tomorrow to know the circumstances leading to the police firing that killed four Muslims on June 3 last.
A suicide bombing in a Pakistani market close to the Afghan border killed 20 people Friday, officials said, a day after the US released letters seized from Osama bin Laden's compound that criticized Pakistani militants for killing too many civilians.
Bright sunshine on Thursday provided the much needed relief to the residents of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh as the minimum temperature remained above normal in some places.
A Madison County car dealer is accused of selling customers fake extended warranties from Damian's Automotive.
Heidi Montag has accused her estranged hubby Spencer Pratt of hacking into her Twitter account.
Kannada actor Darshan抯 bail plea has been rejected by Judge Venkatesha Huligi of the Metropolitan Magistrate Court despite his wife Ms. Vijayalakshmi retracting her police complaint on the actor and even the police helping out by charging him with Section 324 instead of the more draconian Section 307.
Inflation touched another high at 8.24% on Friday for the week ending May 24 against 8.1% in the week ending May 17.
Lion Nathan Ltd, Australia's second-largest brewer, said on Monday Japanese brewer Kirin Holdings had offered A$12.22 a share to buy the remaining 53.9 percent of the group.
The OECD has cut its global 2013 GDP forecast to 3.1 per cent, from 3.4 per cent in November.
The Tyler warning sirens, activated if a rotation indicating a tornado is spotted in the area, were sounded on Friday morning.
ESI International, the world's leading project management training company, today announced the release of its top 10 trends in business analysis for 2013.
Lorillard Inc. said Friday it has increased its quarterly dividend 8.7 percent.
Five thousand coastal forest workers face extended winter layoffs this year as companies respond to the worsening economic climate by shutting down mills.
Carrie Underwood has reportedly said that she ``felt like a princess'' when she married boyfriend Mike Fisher.
Women in Kuwait continue to face significant gender discrimination in all strata of the society and the prejudiced acts hinder their ability to attain important decision-making positions, says Dr Nadeem Al-Duaij.
Golden State Warriors guard Monta Ellis, who suffered a Grade 3 high ankle sprain, a torn deltoid ligament and a syndesmosis disruption of his left ankle last Thursday, underwent successful surgery today to repair the ligament and will be sidelined a minimum of three-plus months, it was announced today.
Milwaukee police say two people have been found dead in a home on the city's north side.
As some wags put it, 2010 is ``the year to throw mama from the train''
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Friday: down 2.5 cents, or 2.75 per cent, at 88.5 cents Shares in Billabong have fallen back toward their all-time low after the surfwear retailer suffered a $537 million first half loss.
Insurer Aetna Inc. on Friday said it will buy employee assistance program provider Horizon Behavioral Services LLC from Psychiatric Solutions Inc. for $70 million cash.
Dozens of Kadhafi military vehicles, including tanks, were destroyed Sunday morning in coalition air strikes west of the rebel bastion of Benghazi, correspondents of this news agency and insurgents said.
As New York prepares to host world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly, the FBI has arrested three Afghanistan-born men as part of a terrorist investigation.
Neil Patrick Harris will help honor Broadway's finest when he hosts the Tony Awards for the third time.
Singapore share prices ended 1.3% higher on Friday amid a broad Asian rally after the US Federal Reserve announced an open-ended bond-buying programme to boost the American economy.
Technical Analyst, Ashwani Gujral is of the view that one should book profits in ICICI Bank.
Not that this necessarily means much for local tourism, but the federal government says travel from the US to other countries set a new record in 2007.
Asian stocks and the euro rose on Wednesday after upbeat US and German data and strong demand for Spanish debt tempered risk-aversion, with investors' focus turning to a European Central Bank tender as a gauge for euro zone funding strains.
The Coca-Cola Company today announced that it has taken a significant step toward its 2020 Vision by commencing implementation of a 21st century beverage partnership model in the United States.
One thousand police officials have been arrested for crime in the past three years, Gauteng police commissioner Mzwandile Petros said on Thursday.
Universal Health Services, Inc. announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Knapp Medical Center located in Weslaco, Texas including a 226- bed acute-care hospital, the Knapp Surgery Center, Mid Valley Physician Association, Knapp Medical Group, a physician group practice structured as 501-a, and various other real estate assets.
Georgia gubernatorial candiate Roy Barnes is expected to unveil his economic plan to put Georgians back to work and revive the state's economy.
SpringSource announces a strategic partnership with Carahsoft Technology, the trusted government IT solutions provider.
Jordan launched on Thursday the second fiscal reform project in a bid to forge a more effective, innovative and result-oriented fiscal policy and public financial management.
A policeman was shot dead in an operation against suspected illegal drug pushers in Cavite on Thursday night.
External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee will rush to Sri Lanka on Tuesday where the military claims to have captured the last LTTE bastion of Mullaittivu two days back.
Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner is to face a Uefa hearing for ``improper conduct'' on Monday for his actions in the side`s 3-2 defeat against Portugal.
The 10 best action movie trailers 2009 certainly set hearts pounding and audience members shooting excited glances at their friends.
AP Sports News Video Gov. Terry Branstad wants a further review of state salaries to address gender pay equity and competitiveness concerns.
Deputy Prime Minister Bill English will open AnimfxNZ, New Zealand's premiere animation, games and visual effects conference next week in Wellington.
With an increase in the sales volume, BidYell has recently announced to offer free Sennheiser mx 75 headphones with the purchase of 50 bid pack for their customers in UK and USA.
David Cameron has said he is ``expecting great things'' as he toured Whitehall departments after chairing his new cabinet's first meeting at Number 10.
The United States and Iran appear on a collision course in the Middle East, firing off mixed messages that are raising world tension and roiling oil markets amid fears that an eventual confrontation may be military.
Indian Foreign minister SM Krishna arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday on a three-day official visit.
The Milwaukee Brewers designated George Kottaras for assignment to make room for Jonathan Lucroy who was activated from the 15-day Disabled List according to Tom Haudricourt of the Journal Sentinel.
New Delhi, Nov 16: ``I feel myself partly a citizen of India -- a citizen of love and honour.''
50 Cent has hinted he believes his ex-girlfriend started the fire which destroyed his $1.8 million home earlier this year.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their annual awards evening, despite suffering relegation to the Evo Stik Premier Division.
A 16-year-old bodyboarder has survived a shark attack outside the Kahului Harbor breakwater, in Maui, Hawaii.
- An O'Fallon teenager has pleaded guilty to charges related to throwing a bag of human feces on a pregnant woman.
The Bangladesh Foreign Minister Dr. Dipu Moni told the Burmese ambassador on Wednesday, ``Rohingyas are your citizens, and it is your concern to take them back in Myanmar from Bangladesh.''
BP is abandoning the top kill procedure they had hoped would stop the oil leaking from the well on the floor of the Gulf.
The Argentine film``The Secret in Their Eyes,'' a thriller about a 25-year-long manhunt, won the Academy Award for best foreign language film.
Two persons were on Monday held guilty of a 2008 double murder.
Future Fund chairman David Gonski is to front a Senate estimates committee hearing in Canberra.
Law firms are reacting to financial problems in the banking sector and capital markets by opening distressed assets groups.
The US has suspended the supply of its excess defence items to Cambodia, months after the South East Asian country forcibly deported nearly 20 Uighurs asylum-seekers to China despite an American request against the move.
American Airlines is losing less money these days, but it's still on a losing streak that's approaching two years.
Former NFL MVP quarterback Steve McNair has been found dead at his home in Nashville, Tennessee with multiple gunshot wounds.
German company, Muhlbauer, has been granted a contract for purchase of blank biometric passports for Tajikistan, according to the Tajik MFA.
Two teens died after being hit by a train in Knox County Thursday morning, but what they were doing on the tracks is still unknown.
The 6'3'' keeper is facing a race to be fit in time for The Latics' opener against West Ham on August 16, after it was revealed he is set to see a specialist regarding a recurrent back problem.
Everton boss David Moyes has dismissed recent transfer rumours, insisting that he will only sell players if the club needs to raise money.
OWLS boss Brian Laws is ready to let Frankie Simek go out on loan.
The Kindle is finally coming to Canada, just in time for the Holiday shopping season.
Yovani Gallardo is hit by a ball off the bat of Justin Heyward, but he remains in the game
The US Coast Guard rescued 13 people from a capsized charter boat on Lake Michigan Saturday.
Sogo & Seibu Co. announced Monday that it is launching a new deli box dinner service at its Seibu Ikebukuro Department Store, targeted mainly at women on their way home from work.
After debunking a fake Twitter page, Kanye West went on his own Twitter account to announce that he is launching a new design company called DONDA, named after his late mother, Dr. Donda West.
LONDON -Fulham has hired former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes, giving him a two-year contract.
Kyocera Corporation on March 2 announced that it has recently completed construction of a new solar cell manufacturing plant; further increasing the company's production capacity to meet the growing demand for solar energy products in the global market and contributing to the company's expanded annual production target of 1 gigawatt by March 2013.
Japanese stocks rose, led by automakers on a weaker yen.
French-directed silent film ``The Artist'' won the Golden Globe for best musical or comedy film on Sunday, its third award of the night.
A battle is brewing over a $3 million mansion in north suburban Lake Bluff, whose owner said it is a church.
Physicists in charge of the Large Hadron Collider have announced that the existence of the highly sought-after ``God particle'' will be decided by the end of next year.
Malaysia can play an important role in Asia on disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation towards a nuclear weapons-free world, says the Australian co-chair of the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament, Prof Gareth Evans.
The Casper College Rodeo team is riding high into the spring season.
American film actress and director Angelina Jolie through her foundation has opened another school in Afghanistan.
China and Tajikistan established a strategic partnership on Monday, pledging to boost bilateral cooperation.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission passed a new rule Wednesday in Pensacola Beach that will extend zonal crossbow seasons by a month, thereby running concurrently with archery season, beginning July 2011.
Big Data is forecast to drive $34 billion of IT spending in 2013 and create 4.4 million IT jobs by 2015, but it is currently still a solution looking for a problem, according to analyst firm Gartner.
The police today reminded the public not to speculate or spread rumours that can harm the peace and tranquillity of the country.
Indian mobile phone giant Bharti Airtel may increase its offer for a stake in South African peer MTN by between 5 and 10 percent, a source familiar with the negotiations told Reuters.
Manchester United have suffered a double injury blow just days before the Carling Cup final.
Member States should avoid national populism and allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the Schengen border check-free area solely on the basis of existing membership criteria, says the European Parliament in a resolution passed on Thursday.
Melrose Resources, an oil and gas exploration and production company, has announced a new exploration discovery and commencement of seismic data acquisition in Egypt.
Oil giant Chevron is banned from further drilling in Brazil after an oil spill off the country's coast earlier this month.
In the last few days Progroup AG received official approvals from the European Union, Brandenburg province and the city of Eisenhüttenstadt for building a new paper mill in Eisenhüttenstadt.
Lynchburg police are warning of a new scam involving both your phone and computer.
American singer Jessica Simpson is trying to understand Indian culture ever since she has arrived in the country.
The Barisan Nasional has a good chance of winning the upcoming Permatang Pasir by-election, said former prime minister Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.
Eid Mubarak to Muslims Worldwide! read this item Eid al Fitr 2010 Signals the End of Ramadan:
The Oakland Athletics have claimed left handed pitcher Travis Blackley off waivers from the San Francisco Giants the team announced.
UK stocks were little changed after a report showed the country's economy shrank in the fourth quarter and as investors awaited data on US home sales and consumer sentiment.
Developers Diversified Realty has entered a new $62 million joint venture, bringing in a new partner to own most of a shopping center in Independence, Mo.
Indian officials claim four Australians have been killed in the Mumbai attacks, as the Australian government warned the nation to ``expect the worst''.
Millions of vaccine doses to be burned Police say a man is facing vehicular manslaughter charges in a boat crash near the Statue of Liberty that killed another man dead and injured two others.
Australian pace legend Dennis Lillee has hailed the coming of age of his young speed protege Mitchell Johnson who took eight South African wickets in the first innings to provide Australia a vital lead at the WACA.
Google Offers has officially launched in Baltimore, its first deal for Blue Hill Tavern where you can buy $30 of ``American cuisine and drinks'' for $15.
A HOUSING association has been criticised for being ``medieval'' after it distributed a leaflet which names and shames a family evicted for anti-social behaviour.
A Huron County grand jury indicted 15 people Friday.
Aviva, the world's fifth-largest insurer, is to re-enter the Asian general insurance market -- its second move to expand in the region since its chief executive last month played down Asian prospects.
NEW YORK_Drug developer Merck says it is cutting 1,200 sales jobs in the United States following a week of regulatory setbacks for two drug candidates.
The Syrian cabinet endorsed late Tuesday the general elections bill as part of the government's reform program to tamp down more than four months of unrest that swept the country since mid-March.
The Irish Stock Exchange reported a 35% rise in pre-tax profit to €6.3m despite a drop in revenue during 2012.
While half the country watches and fact checks the presidential debates, I believe we're drastically missing out on a market that fact checks this NHL lockout.
The legislature session which is slated to begin from December 14 is likely to be adjourned for a week without transacting any business due to the council elections to be held on December 18.
The French president has said that there are now clearly ``two Europes'', following last week's summit in which the UK vetoed EU treaty changes.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC nations including those in West Africa are willing and able to replace any lost Libyan oil, including crude of the same quality, a Saudi Arabian oil official told Bloomberg by telephone today.
While en route to a fire on the 600 block of King Street on Wednesday, a firetruck collided with a van.
Professor Brian Cox said BBC bureaucrats made him fill out a health and safety form before he tried to discover ALIENS live on television.
Federal court records say a Bay St. Louis woman is set to plead guilty to a charge of making a false statement for a homeowners-assistance grant to elevate her home.
Probably.There's some research suggesting that quetiapine works for treating mania in people with bipolar disorder.
IMEC's associated laboratory IMOMEC, located on the campus of the Hasselt University, developed a method to stabilize the nanomorphology of organic solar cells resulting in a lifetime improvement of at least a factor 10.
On Monday, Madonna called Obama a black Muslim on stage, in what could easily be one of her weirdest endorsements yet.
The man was found dead in a snowbank on Robertson Street, according to the Patriot Ledger.
Danville police, in cooperation with the Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control Board Enforcement Division, has charged 10 people with selling alcohol to minors at local convenience stores after conducting underage buys since February.
Indonesia has no blueprint for renewable energy development although it is set to account for more than 17 per cent of the country's energy mix in 2025.
More natural gas-powered vehicles will hit the market soon, as rising gasoline prices, booming natural gas production and proposed tax credits make them a more attractive option.
Memphis police are looking for a prisoner who walked away from work detail in South Memphis on Tuesday.
A Singapore opposition leader who is among a rare few to publicly challenge the country's rulers was sentenced Monday to 12 days' jail for contempt, in the latest legal ruling against him.
News confirms that Akerman will play Blondie singer Debbie Harry in an upcoming indie flick titled CBGB, after the iconic New York hotspot that she and her band often frequented.
Motley Crue frontman Vince Neil is facing a legal battle with his former lawyer over allegations he owes $62,000 in unpaid legal fees.
Jacques Chirac, who has been charged with corruption dating to his time as Mayor of Paris, is the first former President in French history to face trial on criminal charges.
Dubai, Sep 4 (IANS: ``The biggest fireball ever seen'' and a ``massive 20-storey tower of smoke and flames'' was how witnesses described the crash of a Boeing 747-400 cargo plane in Dubai, in which two crew members were killed.
A mass grave was unearthed on Tuesday in northern Afghanistan containing at least 20 bodies believed to date from the Soviet-backed government era, an official said.
With an apology to Congress, baseball and the kids who looked up to him, All-Star shortstop Miguel Tejada received a sentence of one year probation today for misleading Congress about the use of performance-enhancing drugs.
Liverpool have reportedly told Spanish giants Real Madrid to put up or shut up in their chase for star striker Luis Suarez.
Crews rescued two people who were trapped for hours in their wrecked car after it crashed off Alaskan Way sometime overnight, KIRO 7 Eyewitness News reported.
Hollywood movie Sherlock Holmes is reportedly to have a sequel.
French electro act Daft Punk has broken Spotify records with latest track ``Get Lucky.''
Japanese yen dropped against most major currencies on Tuesday as a rise in most Asian stocks reduced demand for safe-haven currencies.
LINCOLN, Calif. Fire officials say the risk of an explosion at a rail car fire in Northern California has increased after the propane tank that is burning showed signs of melting and coming apart.
PTI Feb 20, 2013, 07.12PM IST Prime Minister David Cameron has said there is great scope for enhancing trade relations between India and Britain.
Around the state, utility crews are working to restore power to about 5,000 homes and business that blacked out during weekend storms.
Spain has retained the Davis Cup after Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco won the doubles to give them an unassailable 3-0 lead.
Cardamom prices moved up on Wednesday by Rs 9.05 per kg at the cardamom auction conducted by the Cardamom Processing & Marketing Co-Operative Society Ltd, Kumily.
Shares of Knight Capital Group Inc. soared 65% in afternoon trading after TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. said it will resume routing client trades to Knight in a sign that customer confidence in the Jersey City-based market-making firm is returning.
US banks report stronger profits and more lending US banks are enjoying their best profits in six years and are lending a bit more freely.
Antenna maker Antenova has added Rubra A10393 mobile penta-band SMD antenna to the gigaNova range of surface mount standard antennas.
A fuel tanker rolled over and exploded on Route 128 in Needham at around 6 am July 12.
Toyota bounced back from safety recalls and natural disasters, selling 4.97 million vehicles globally in the first half of the year to retake its crown as the world's top automaker from General Motors Co.
President Barack Obama will announce key members of his economic team Friday as the administration tries to nudge the US economy into a higher gear, a White House official said.
Nearly 300 people from across southeast Michigan have been sworn in as US citizens in Dearborn.
Model Kate Moss is to make her stage debut in the play The Tempest at London's Old Vic theatre.
Jennifer Aniston has been described as a ``clingy'' girlfriend; and her new beau, John Mayer, is treating their romance as a ``summer fling'', according to insiders.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi told Singapore's envoy during a prison meeting that she was ``well and being well treated' by the ruling junta, the government here said on Wednesday.
Zoetis is seeking a manager of laboratory operations for its Kalamazoo labs.
Sports Writer The Colorado Rockies have bolstered their starting rotation, acquiring right-hander Jason Marquis from the Chicago Cubs for reliever Luis Vizcaino.
PRINCE PHILIP HAS been taken to hospital after experiencing chest pains, according to royal officials in the UK.
24-year-old Joran van der Sloot was sentenced to 28 years in a Peruvian prison for killing a woman there in 2010.
Two North Platte men face felony drug charges after they were found to have prescription pills without a prescription during a routine traffic stop, according to police.
China has raised the monthly personal income tax threshold to 3,500 yuan from the current 2,000 yuan, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday, offering a deeper tax cut for wage earners than expected.
World oil prices rose in Asian trade on Monday following fresh unrest in Africa's biggest crude producer, Nigeria.
The Serbian dinar will strengthen against the euro by RSD 0.52 on Friday and thus break through the psychological barrier of RSD 100 for one euro.
Poker star Phil Ivey won $11.5 million in a London casino in August, but the gambling club is refusing to pay him.
A nurse involved in restraining a psychiatric patient who died has told an inquest the man was held for almost an hour.
Former Prime Minister of France Dominique de Villepin has been acquitted by a Paris court of plotting to discredit the current president, Nicolas Sarkozy, in a case that saw three other defendants judged guilty.
Pittsburgh starter James McDonald continues to give the Pirates good starts.
Palakkad, June 4 A wild elephant fell into a 20-foot well at a village in the district today and hectic efforts are on to save the jumbo.
For the first time ever, Kelly Osbourne reveals her brand-new bikini body and tells Shape how she got fit...the healthy way.
Colleyville is reversing the sale of city land to a developer after residents discovered a document promising the property would always be open space.
Rajya Sabha was on Friday adjourned sine die at the end of the Budget session of Parliament, which was mainly devoted to financial business of the government.
Delightful news for PC gamers as it has been confirmed that Nvidia's 3D Vision and PhysX technologies are both fully support in Batman:
Country singer Mindy McCready has been arrested in Tennessee and charged with violating her probation.
Sweden's Multi-event legend Carolina Kluft started her season in sparkling form at her Clubs Championships in Helsingborg.
Carolina Panthers owner Jerry Richardson is unhappy with the team's quarterback play and wants a major upgrade on offense, but believes that can still be accomplished with a defensive-minded head coach.
Obesity is a growing problem in Croatia, where 80 per cent of men and 50 per cent of woman weigh too much, reports say.
Starbucks stores on South Washington Street and 32nd Avenue South in Grand Forks will close at 5:30 pm today for training and will not reopen until tomorrow.
Celebrities are always doing something or the other to gain public attention.
ROAD works are due to begin at the Boston Road junction of the A17 and the Kirkby La Thorpe road bridge.
New York Yankees reliever Joba Chamberlain threw off a mound Friday for the first time since hurting his ankle in March.
Trinidad and Tobago, as of right now, has 64 years worth of oil and natural gas reserves combined, Energy Minister Conrad Enill says.
A new swine flu case was registered Sunday in Russia, as a sailor off a sea cruiser was diagnosed with the A virus, Russia's chief sanitary doctor said.
An Iowa man has plead guilty to fraud charges for defrauding the Social Security Administration.
A 20-year-old Alexandria woman was sexually assaulted Thursday night near the intersection of Van Dorn Street and Courtney Avenue around 11:30 pm, police say.
It's been a lifetime in the making but a Shelby Township writer has recently published his first book of poetry.
A former Chicora Country Club assistant pro is trying to qualify for the US Open.
Aerospace firm Lockheed Martin, NASA's contractor, unveiled a new manned Orion space capsule that will let astronauts to fly to and from the orbiting observatory- the International Space Station.
England won the toss and put the West Indies in to bat first in warm, sunny conditions in the second one-day international at Bristol on Sunday.
A central Iowa farmer thinks this may be the summer to apply foliar fungicide on soybeans.
President Barack Obama and a member of the Republican opposition on Saturday thanked US troops for their service and wished everyone a merry Christmas in their respective radio addresses.
< !(CDATA(According to Jason Beck of MLB.com, the Tigers have designated Brandon Inge for assignment. Inge has already said he will accept an assignment to Triple-A Toledo if he clears waivers. After hitting .247 in 144 games last season, the Tigers rewarded Inge with a two-year deal worth $11.5 million which included a $6 million club option for 2013. This season, Inge was ...
Iran and Israel appear to be spoiling for a fight, going by recent belligerent statements emanating from several regional capitals.
The Denver Broncos and new head coach John Fox have added the final pieces to their 2011 coaching staff, bringing defensive back coach Ron Milus and linebackers coach Richard Smith aboard.
Kenton Keith was arrested outside an Indianapolis nightclub early Sunday on several charges, including disorderly conduct and resisting law enforcement.
Tobacco companies are frustrating Africa's fight against smoking, which has left millions of people dead, a top health official said here on Tuesday.
Information and Broadcasting minister Priyaranjan Dasmunsi is under close observation as his condition continues to be critical for the second consecutive day today.
Tom Waits is to publish his first book of poetry, in collaboration with photographer Michael O'Brien.
Hurricane Irene is on track to hit Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas by the weekend, meteorologists said.
Now, according to Paul's staff, the Senator is being detained by the TSA in Nashville at this moment.
28-Oct-2009 '' Training Press Releases '' LINE, one of the UK's market leading providers of learning and communications solutions has been shortlisted for final judging in the 2010 BETT awards.
Budweiser will remain on the No. 9 car at Richard Petty Motorsports for the final three Sprint Cup events of the season, a team spokesman said on Tuesday.
A quick-thinking train driver averted a ``major disaster'' on the Ipswich to London mainline by slamming on the breaks to avoid debris on the tracks that had fallen from a bridge.
It is important that homebuyers focus on the basics when investing in the housing market.
Discoverture Solutions, a Phoenix-based IT solutions provider, has released a global outsourcing service aimed at mid-market insurance companies.
Air pollution, known for its damaging impact on health, is also fast degrading major ecosystems, according to a report.
Protesters push for mandatory labeling of genetically modified food at the Liberty Pole on Saturday afternoon.
A WHEELERS Hill man who had his car impounded after he was caught doing 203km/h in an 80km/h zone on the weekend has blamed his nagging wife for his speeding.
Free agent Simeon Rice said in a chat on NFL.com that he recently ``had some contacts with the Jets.''
Casualty rates at some speed camera sites have worsened since their installation, figures out today showed.
Reese Witherspoon has shown off her pet donkeys on US TV and told how her kids help clean up after them.
Subsea pipeline and offshore contractor Technip has agreed to buy Global Industries for US$ 1.07 billion.
The National Weather Service says the Richmond area can expect a warm, sunny start to the work week.
Whatever Brains perform ``Drink the Salt'' in their practice space in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Deputies shot a man holding a rifle in Aloha on the intersection of SW 195th Road and SW Farmington Road Saturday night, police said.
UK utility National Grid Plc says it will sell its 2,480 megawatt Ravenswood Generating Station in New York City to TransCanada Corporation for $2.9 billion.
An Afghan child receives a vaccination during a polio eradication campaign at a health clinic in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, Sunday, March 13, 2011.
Greek tourists are allowed to work in Australia if they wish so.
MLS kicked the labor lockout marred NBA into fourth place in gate attendance after amassing an average crowd of 17,780 in each game.
Wales have confirmed they will host 1958 World Cup runners-up Sweden in a March friendly at the Liberty Stadium.
Michael Douglas is set to play former US president Ronald Reagan in a new movie.
Obama, who has been reluctant to relinquish the device when he becomes president, dropped his Blackberry and its hard plastic case onto an airport tarmac as he emerged from his fortified vehicle.
Industrial fairs of agricultural and hydro-economic utilities were organized in Uzexpocentre in Tashkent, in the first phase of the Fifth International Industrial Fair and Cooperation Exchange, Uzbekreport.com reported.
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., a closed-end equity fund, announced today its performance data and portfolio composition as of September 30, 2010.
A Topeka man has been sentenced to 30 months in federal prison on federal gun and drug charges, US Attorney Barry Grissom said today.
Justin Bieber, who is currently on tour in Europe, took time out of his busy schedule yesterday to visit the Anne Frank House.
The US has arrested a Russian man for 2008 cyber attacks on Amazon.com, the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Washington announced Thursday.
Japanese carmakers Toyota, Nissan and Honda said on Wednesday that they are reducing output in China because of a slowdown in demand.
The European Union vowed Monday to boost political and trade ties with Pakistan, a day after insurgents there torched nearly 200 vehicles destined to supply NATO forces in Afghanistan.
NY bus tour for education ends with Albany rally An Albany-bound bus became a rolling civics classroom for Samantha Heva and other Olean High School students Wednesday when they clambered aboard in support of more state funding for schools.
Orco Property Group, a leading investor, developer and asset manager in the Central European real estate and hospitality market, is pleased to announce successful acquisitions of plots for new investments in Warsaw: 22.4 ha at Okólna Street in Marki for a new logistic centre, and 4.7 ha at Przy Parku Street for phase II of the Drawska residential development.
Controversial Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar's bid to comeback dealt a blow when the national selection committee ignored him for a five-team first class domestic tournament commencing from January 1 here.
The eyebrow-raising question of whether Ontario schools should ban chocolate milk had the Opposition declaring victory Thursday and the governing Liberals crying foul.
Domain name registrar and web hosting provider Easyspace is offering substantial discounts on domain names with the .
A Spanish soldier was wounded by a roadside bomb in the western Afghan province of Badghis, Spain's defense ministry said Wednesday.
The prosecution has reached a plea bargain with businessman Arcadi Gaydamak in the money laundering case at Bank Hapoalim.
Manny Ramirez worked out at Dodger Stadium on Monday for the first time since being suspended.
A former Corinth police officer has been sentenced to 46 months in prison for stealing money during fake traffic stops.
Ravens cornerback Chris Carr saw a specialist in Texas this week to get another opinion on his injured left hamstring, an injury that forced him out of last Sunday's victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Hours after attending activities marking the 25th anniversary of the 1986 EDSA People Power uprising, Vice President Jejomar Binay left Friday evening for a one-week special mission to the Middle East.
Canada's ratification of the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of other States has been a long time coming.
The iPhone 4S went on sale today and several stores, AT&T and Apple, reported lines that had started last night outside the businesses.
Record numbers of New Yorkers have retrofitted their homes for energy efficiency using the Green Jobs/Green NY financing program.
SUPERCOACH Wayne Bennett has signed a three-year contract to coach St George Illawarra in the NRL from next season.
Gov. Jonah Jang of Plateau has promised to use his second term to correct the mistakes his administration made during the last four years and that Plateau belonged to everybody irrespective of affiliations.
Zee Studio's Sunday Noon Premieres showcases ONCE UPON A MATTRESS on Sunday, January 30, 2010 at 3:30 PM.
For the first time in a decade, all the Wrigley rooftops surrounding the ballpark have been inspected by city health officials during the spring and summer.
The World Bank is preparing up to $85 million in new grants for Burma in order to help support reforms in the Southeast Asian country.
(JURIST) JURIST (FAQ) was nominated Tuesday for a prestigious Webby Award (awards website) as the best Law website of 2009.
The Chargers arrived in England on Monday morning after a long flight from Buffalo, where Rivers fumbled twice and threw an interception in a 23-14 loss to the Bills.
Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon, was recovering from heart surgery, days after his 82nd birthday.
Canadian songstress Céline Dion has given birth to premature but healthy twin boys at a Florida hospital.
Naugatuck police say they're investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a backyard after witnesses heard a gunshot.
Wisconsin Attorney General JB Van Hollen announced Tuesday that a Grant County woman has been charged with patient abuse.
The La Vernia speech and debate team has reached new heights over the last few years.
Kelly Rowland has revealed that she was ``embarrassed'' to call off her wedding back in 2005 because she had made all the arrangements.
PETER Kay has been voted the Greatest British Comedian in a national study to celebrate 250 years of Great British Spirit.
THE Detroit Shock won their third WNBA title in six seasons by beating the San Antonio Silver Stars 76-60 to sweep the best-of-five finals.
The Jamaat-e-Islami said that Karachi won't be allowed to become another Bangladesh on the wishes of those fighting for their share in extortion.
The share capital in Songa Offshore ASA is increased following conversion of freely tradable warrants.
Number of the Syrian people fleeing violence at home and taking shelter in Turkey dropped to 8,520 on Saturday, an official statement said.
New Delhi Three suicide bombers wearing police uniforms and burqas attacked the United Nations office in the western Afghan city of Herat, senior police and UN officials said.
NASA may be sending spy satellites to Mars-but don't worry, they won't be going into the alien spy business anytime soon.
A small plane with two men crashed into mangroves off Plantation Key after it lost lift, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
The second suspect involved in a string of burglaries in Carbon in 2007 recently pled guilty in court.
A soldier from the 1 Rifles battalion, based in Beachley, has been killed in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Elle Macpherson, Australian supermodel, is engaged to Jeffrey Soffer, a billionaire Miami-based real estate agent.
State Troopers say a motorcyclist was killed when he slammed into the back of a trailer in Theodore.
Canadian stocks were little changed, after the benchmark index reached a 17-month high yesterday, as financial and energy shares declined while producers of raw materials advanced.
FOREIGN Minister Kevin Rudd says the timing of the release of video out-takes of him swearing and losing his temper is a little unusual, but he is not going to point the finger at anyone.
Summer work is progressing at Fairfield Middle School to install geothermal air handling, at former Lincoln Elementary School to house three separate programs and at Trojan Stadium, to replace a restroom, the Fairfield school board heard at Monday's meeting.
The Texas AgriLife Extension Services Office will offer a Certified Food Management course Feb. 3-4 at Southwest Center.
A Glen Burnie man was killed trying to cross Crain Highway on foot last night, Anne Arundel County police said.
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy Monday said that 21 countries and 1,600 delegates have now registered for the Emerging Kerala investment meet to be held at Kochi in September.
Pamela Anderson, who is best known for her role as the star of Baywatch, is getting divorced from her husband, Rick Salomon.
Two persons were injured when a tempo carrying goods fell on top of a running train at the over bridge near Kalamandalam hera on late night.
However, it is also going to be a tough budget in terms of achieving a fine balance between growth and fiscal.
Robert Mugabe has been stripped of his honorary knighthood by the Queen as a ``mark of revulsion'' over the abuse of human rights in Zimbabwe.
Who needs a debt commission when White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel is on the case?
The Ascend Collection membership program from Choice Hotels International, Inc. reports record growth for 2011.
In any case, before Dallas Mavericks' forward Dirk Nowitzki's charity baseball game in Frisco, Texas over the weekend, Barkley said he was so impressed with Nowitzki as a teenager that he recruited him to attend Auburn.
Allianz General Insurance Co Bhd will offer replacement cars for customers who are involved in an accident or fall victim to theft.
The Russian Space Forces, which were officially reborn as an independent section of the Russian military on the 24th of March 2001, mark their 10th anniversary.
A US consumer group says high levels of lead have been found in reusable grocery bags supplied by major retailers.
The Caspian region has become geopolitical concept long a before since it started to wash shore of five states, said political scientist Rasim Agayev.
Four people were injured in a leopard attack near Baragur Koppalu village in Channarayapatna taluk on Wednesday evening.
Contrary to Pakistan PM Yousuf Raza Gilani's contention, India is yet to get any response to its dossier, foreign minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Sunday while maintaining his tough stance on Pakistan.
A man has been accused of selling hundreds of fake exam certificates from as little as £39.95 including top class masters degrees from Oxford University.
Snoop told OK magazine: ``Justin Bieber's alright with me, I like him.''
A FEMALE zookeeper has been crushed to death by an elephant at a zoo in New Zealand.
Actress-model-TV host Pooja Bedi was evicted from the Bigg Boss house on Friday.
Monday's MRI revealed that LaDainian Tomlinson has a strained groin, but he is expected to play through it in the AFC's Wild Card round.
The American Legion has launched an informative new Web site to help veterans and their families understand the Post 9/11 GI Bill, which takes effect Aug. 1, 2009, and how it compares with other federal education benefits for veterans.
Mel B is considering moving to Australia after ``falling in love'' with the country when she worked as a judge there on 'The X Factor' last year.
Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram Wednesday said there was no indication from Pakistan on sending its judicial commission for pursuing the Mumbai terror attack case.
A bitter chill swept across Britain on Friday with snow and heavy downpours hitting most of the country, and flood alerts in place in the South West.
A drunk, baseball bat-wielding man trying to break into a home sparked a lengthy police chase in Langford early Sunday morning.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Gurnam Arora, joint managing director of Kohinoor Foods says, EGoM decision will aid exports.
There is a clear sense of calm returning to the financial markets after the horrific earthquake in Japan and the leveling of the playing field in Libya.
Jon Cryer admits that he is a troll on the 'Conan Show'.
Nobel Prize-nominated peace activist Father John Dear will speak at the National Heritage Museum, 33 Marrett Road, Lexington, on Sunday, Nov. 6, at 2 pm
Mobile phones are fast moving beyond their primary role of voice communication and becoming multi-tasking devices as the number of wireless subscribers in the country totals 892 million, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India said.
BALTIMORE ― Baltimore is opening more cooling centers to help residents cope with extreme heat that is forecast to continue through the week.
Tottenham Hotspur and Everton set up mouth-watering FA Cup semifinal derbies next month against Chelsea and Liverpool respectively by winning on Tuesday.
Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau says Poland, Romania and France have offered employment opportunities for Sri Lankan skilled workers.
The remodeled Waverly branch of the Morgan County Public Library reopened Thursday.
St. Louis County voters will decide this fall whether or not to ban smoking in most indoor public places, paving the way for a possible ban against lighting up in bars and restaurants within the municipality of St. Louis.
Wolverhampton Wanderers midfielder Karl Henry has undergone a scan to determine the extent of his hamstring injury.
A Neenah woman is accused of embezzling at least $470,000 from a nonprofit center that supplies donated blood to hospitals.
A snow plow owned by the city of Morris struck a parked Ford E250 van owned by Michael Bonignotti, 1307 Union St., while it was parked in the 1300 block of Union Street at 7:54 am on Friday, Dec. 26.
The star-studded romantic comedy flick 'New Year's Eve' has topped the US weekend box office grossing $13.7 million, in its three-day screening.
Global entertainment technology leader Dolby Laboratories has selected Hill & Knowlton as its public relations agency of record, effective immediately.
The winner of BBC1 talent show The Voice, Leanne Mitchell, sold just 895 copies of her debut album - equating to one record for every 10,000 people who watched her triumph in the innaugural series of the talent show.
New figures show that Colombians working abroad are sending less money home for the third year in a row.
The Deputy Force Public Relations Officer of the Nigeria Police Force, Frank Mba on Monday said that Lagos is the safest city in Nigeria and one of the safest in Africa.
Poland formally ended its Iraq mission in the Shia province of Diwaniyah yesterday leaving US troops to take their place, as an Iraqi commander warned insurgency could re-emerge.
A county man has been indicted on 40 felony counts relating to the long-term sexual abuse of a female victim.
Indianapolis Star colleague Phil Richards and I crunched the words today on our recorders so people can read what QB Peyton Manning had to say today in front of his locker at the Colts complex, one day after being told his Sept. 8 neck surgery has achieved ``firm fixation'' and he can intensify his workouts.
Newsreader Kenneth Kendall, known to many for his role in Channel 4' Treasure Hunt, has died aged 88.
Best Buy is selling an Acer notebook for $250 that comes with a Celeron 900, 2GB of memory and a 160GB hard drive.
A comment made by Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil on Thursday triggered controversies as he said Chandigarh belongs to Punjab.
A 40-year-old domestic worker was severely assaulted by two unidentified men during a house robbery in Lyndhurst, Johannesburg, police said on Tuesday.
Federal authorities say a female golden eagle has been found dead near Dulce.
Fundamentally, business analytics is an evolved version of business intelligence but with far more emphasis on gaining insights and predicting trends.
Dubai, Jun 21 As Australia and England gear up to play the 3,000th one-dayer amid a Twenty20 revolution in world cricket, ICC CEO Haroon Lorgat today insisted that ODIs will ``remain strong long into the future''.
Kazakh sovereign proxy Kazmunaigas is set to pay a margin of 210bp on its $1bn five year refinancing loan.
Irreverent comedian Christopher Titus is reuniting with Fox to develop a new sitcom loosely based on his life.
Brady, a University of Nevada Hall of Famer, died Tuesday in Reno after a lengthy battle with lymphoma, he family said.
Sports Writer Commissioner David Stern hopes the NBA does not follow the NFL's lead and keeps its labor dispute with the union out of the courts.
The 2009 Golden Globe Award nominations were announced on Thursday.
Twice in the last six weeks, burglars broke into a minimum-security prison and stole TVs from cells while prisoners were on weekend furloughs, a spokesman for the justice ministry said on Wednesday.
Tesco, Britain's largest retailer, narrowly survived a big investor protest over changes to its management share option plan and more comfortably saw off complaints it should do more to help migrant workers.
Suicide attacks are an attempt to defame Islam and the government is making efforts to purge the society from cancer of extremism and restore true image of Islam through collective efforts.
A Champaign County sheriff's deputy escaped serious injury when his squad car collided with a deer early Thursday.
Texas right-hander Yu Darvish has been scratched from his start Tuesday against Oakland because of neck stiffness.
The SEC recently proposed rules to reform the way money market funds, which currently have over $2.9 trillion in assets, operate in order to make them less susceptible to large redemptions that could harm investors.
Tony McCoy brought the house down when driving Albertas Run to Royal & Sun Alliance Chase glory to land his first winner since returning from a serious back injury.
Clear Channel Outdoor has plans to add 120 digital billboards in 33 of the country's largest markets, according to American Consumer News.
A benefit fund has been opened in honor of an 18-year-old Visalia woman killed in a hit-and-run crash in the Dos Palos area earlier this week.
Shane Warne has retired from first-class cricket, announcing today that he won't be taking up his contract to captain English county side Hampshire this coming season.
California lawmakers are expressing doubts a Brown administration proposal to regulate hydraulic fracturing is tough enough and can be enforced by state oil regulators.
Fire has destroyed a popular Memphis deli, causing apartments above it to collapse.
Monsanto Co. has opened its newest corn breeding facility in Flora, MS, reinforcing the company's commitment to deliver the best technology to Southern farmers.
The mother of an autistic boy who's been barred from the family's church has pleaded not guilty to violating a restraining order.
Five deaf and mute orphan girls were allegedly raped and beaten by staff at a residential school run by an NGO in Kanota area of Jaipur.
Rwanda has protested to Germany over the arrest of a top government official wanted in France over the death of a former president that sparked 100 days of genocidal killings in the central African nation.
A WAR veteran who lost part of his leg in Afghanistan has been thrown out of his own home after he made his neighbours' lives ``a misery''.
UT has approved the proposed hike in road tax, which has now been linked to the cost of cars and two wheelers, with the minimum tax rate at par with that in Punjab.
Expensive private health ``MOTs'', including the use of DNA profiles to predict the risk of developing deadly diseases, could be doing ``more harm than good'' experts have warned.
President Jacob Zuma must use his state-of-the-nation address to bring South Africans certainty and hope for the future, Freedom Front Plus leader Pieter Mulder said on Wednesday.
Boston Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo says he's saving his money as if the lockout is going to happen.
Consequently the encouraging corporate results failed to stimulate investor interest with foreigners offloading shares worth $11m.
A new local wine store has applied for a liquor license to sell small, tasting samples.
Colorado receiver Toney Clemons finally had a big day for the Buffs, catching eight passes for 97 yards and an impressive touchdown catch in the fourth quarter.
Palisair Capital Partners, LP, a fund managed by Palisair Capital, LLC announced today that it intends to commence a friendly tender offer to acquire up to three-hundred and ninety-six thousand shares of the common stock of 1st Century Bancshares, Inc. at a price, net to the seller, of $8.00 per share, on Friday March 14, 2007, and will be open for at least 20 business days.
England have called up Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry as cover for Paul Collingwood for the third Test against South Africa in Cape Town.
Experts from Troika Dialog Ukraine Investment Company predict CPI inflation at 16-17% y/y in 2009.
St. Louis Rams safety OJ Atogwe could miss the rest of the season with a dislocated right shoulder that eventually will require surgery.
The latest Gaga shocker is that Lady Gaga is endorsing condoms.
James Nolan, who died while supporting the Irish team in Poland has been laid to rest today.
Crime has plummeted across West Yorkshire with latest figures showing a ten per centre reduction in offences.
Adam Thompstone will undergo surgery on his ankle which is expected to rule him out for up to four months.
Gillespie, the subject of a rejected £400,000 bid from Colchester United last week, handed in a written transfer request last night, saying he wanted to explore opportunities elsewhere.
Wild winds with gusts topping 105 kph blew from the Great Lakes to the East Coast on on Thursday, knocking out power to hundreds of thousands of customers, disrupting travel and killing at least five people.
Coach Jay Wright, on what he told his players when they were trailing 60-50 with 6 minutes, 49 seconds left in regulation at St. John's: ``We just told our guys to keep grinding.''
Saint Christopher's Hospital for Children was set to announce a $110 million expansion at 10:30 this morning.
Olly Murs has taken to his Twitter account to ask Cheryl Cole for her number saying ``can't blame a guy for trying''.
Three-time Kentucky Derby-winning jockey Calvin Borel has been arrested on a drunken driving charge in
One person was injured this morning when an MBTA bus carrying 30 people crashed into a pole, a tree and a parked car in South Boston, according to the MBTA.
I was going through the photos from the Chargers voluntary mini camp and noticed that Philip Rivers is keeping the gloves on for practice.
In a recent study, researchers have found that women having more feminine facial features are preferred by men over those who have masculine features.
He reveals to us that his acting career started ``straight out of youth service; Nollywood met me on the scene'', he declares.
LMP Corporate Loan Fund Inc., which is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ``TLI,'' announced today the results of the votes cast at the Fund´s annual meeting of shareholders held on January 28, 2011.
BERLIN - The euro is holding its recent gains against the dollar, undeterred by the recent turmoil in Egypt, the Middle East's most populous nation.
China is diversifying its sources of uranium to meet the rising demand in developing the nuclear power industry.
India needs to catch up economically with China but the gap now is growing rather than shrinking, Indian Finance Minister P. Chidambaram said in an interview published Tuesday.
Michel Balter, Sales Director EMEA, CameronTec ``CameronTec is pleased that Fixnetix, a respected and fast growing provider of market data and trading infrastructure connectivity to financial institutions, has selected CameronFIX.''
A Denver man is accused of shaking a baby while baby-sitting for her.
People who are thinking of selling their real properties should be aware that the real property gains tax is back in a mutated form.
Kaer Pte Ltd, Singapore-based energy-efficiency solutions provider, is set to open its second regional office in Indonesia by year-end.
``It is a national process. So Afghans have to lead the election process themselves,'' Karzai said during a meeting of the Afghan government's security council in the capital, Kabul, on Sunday.
The FSA has lost its first insider dealing case, as a finance director and two lawyers walked free from court today.
' Glencore chief Ivan Glasenberg defends high executive pay at the Melbourne Mining Club dinner held in London last night.
A father and son from Cambria County are arrested on aggravated assault charges.
New Delhi, Sep 8 Non-basmati rice prices fell by Rs 50 per quintal on the wholesale grains market on adequate stocks position following increased supplies.
Single Buoy Moorings, a Switzerland-based multinational group of companies that provides systems and services to the oil and gas industry, has selected Orange Business Services to deploy Cisco TelePresence.
Britney Spears has praised the X Factor USA for being ``really good'' to her for allowing her to use her music expertise to help upcoming stars.
Assemblyman Mike Duvall, R-Yorba Linda, was caught on tape bragging about two simultaneous affair.
At least three more Oakland police officers were placed on paid administrative leave this week pending an internal affairs investigation into ``misstatements'' they made on sworn affidavits used to secure search warrants.
A Delhi court on Saturday ordered registration of FIR against former IPS officer Kiran Bedi for allegedly cheating and misappropriating funds in collusion with foreign companies and other foundations.
A week after Adarsh Co-operative Housing Society scandal rocked the country, Maharashtra administration has come to a standstill.
``When the doctor told us that Andrew had six to eight weeks left, I promised him that we would do everything ... everything he wanted to,'' says Laura Laverty, his mother.
Consumer borrowing dropped more than $9 billion in May, showing Americans are more focused on getting their finances in order instead of increasing their spending as the economy slowly recovers.
A Rockville teen has pleaded guilty to charges for his role in building explosives in a case that involved a map of Camp David .
Officials say United Airlines flights out of Los Angeles Palmdale Regional Airport will end next month following a struggle to attract travelers since passenger service resumed last year.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has launched a service for Qatari citizens travelling abroad called ``Tawasol''.
Former state Comptroller John Sharp, a Democrat, filed the formal paperwork Thursday to run for the US Senate seat now held by Republican Sen. Kay Bailey Hutichison.
The Nokia N900 has gone on sale in the US on Wednesday for a $649 unsubsidised after the mobile phone manufacturer failed to find a carrier to offer the handset.
Visteon Corporation says it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, according to a news release posted to the company's website.
American Edward Snowden, accompanied by a WikiLeaks lawyer, is set to fly out of Russia as the US demands his return.
Wellesley College has joined edX, the online learning program started in May by Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Two statements by Turkish state officials have once again highlighted the paradoxes of the Turkish interpretation of secularism.
Asian bond spreads narrowed significantly Wednesday after a slump in oil prices eased inflation concerns, while the cost of protection against Indian banks dropped after the government won a key vote of confidence.
Man charged with teen's attempted murder Updated: 17:03, Wednesday December 19, 2012 Police have charged a man with the attempted murder of a 16-year-old boy who suffered critical injuries when he was shot in the stomach in Sydney's west earlier this year.
Owens-Illinois, Inc., announced said that it plans to close its glass container plant in Castel Maggiore, Italy.
Muslim dhobis should get equal right as given to Hindu dhobis, this was said by Delhi chief minister Shiela Dixit was speaking at a programme of the Muslim washermen community of Delhi.
RUSSIA is currently disrupting imports of Moldovan wine, claiming the product is substandard, though the move is believed to be at least partly politically motivated.
A robbery in a restaurant parking lot was reported in Port Hueneme this week, police said.
Massachusetts gubernatorial candidate Timothy Cahill says Rhode Island made a ``bad decision'' by luring Curt Schilling (stats)'s video game company with a $75 million loan guarantee.
Law enforcement agencies say they lack both the space and expertise to store DNA evidence that a new state law requires them to preserve.
``With the weather not cooperating Thursday for a second landing opportunity at Kennedy Space Center, space shuttle Discovery will stay in orbit another day (until late Friday),'' NASA said in a statement on its website.
Hall of Fame wide receiver Jerry Rice advised DeSean Jackson prior to the NFL Draft and their relationship has continued.
Oscar-winning film star Angelina Jolie revealed on Tuesday that she underwent a double mastectomy after learning she had inherited a high risk of breast cancer and said she hoped her story would inspire other women fighting the life-threatening disease.
Portugal midfielder Deco wants to see his friend and Chelsea teammate Didier Drogba play for the Ivory Coast in their World Cup clash here on Tuesday.
Dairy prices have lost their momentum for the first time in 18 months with the ANZ World Commodity Price Index showing a 1.8 per cent drop, causing farmers to doubt whether this season's Fonterra payout could be bettered.
Newcastle and Middlesbrough have been relegated to the Championship after both teams lost their final games.Sunderland have stayed up, but manager Ricky Sbragia has confirmed he will stand down as manager.
A man was found dead in a drain by the roadside along Mile 12, Jalan Keningau Sook, Thursday.
Baton Rouge rapper Lil' Boosie is scheduled for a court hearing Wednesday morning related to his murder indictment.
Police in north-eastern Thailand who chased a pickup truck trying to avoid a highway checkpoint found unexpected contraband in the back of the vehicle: 16 tiger cubs.
Several entertainment media outlets are reporting that Nate Dogg has suffered his second stroke in less than ten months and is in serious condition.
A meeting of Catholic Priests to consider setting up an association of Irish priests takes place in Portlaoise today.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer wants you to know that the Xbox 360 ``isn't a gaming console.''
Auto major Tata Motors said it has selected over 1.55 lakh customers for its small-car Nano.
Country singer Dolly Parton will continue having cosmetic surgery if she sees something ''sagging or bragging'' but says she doesn't want to look ''artificial''.
A former Kent County adult home worker who is accused of assaulting a resident faces a judge Monday.
Gov. David Paterson is extending unemployment benefits to 56,000 New Yorkers who faced their last checks this week.
The entire Tottenham Hotspur squad have requested heart checks following Fabrice Muamba's cardiac arrest at White Hart Lane on Saturday evening.
Secretary Clinton met with four female Afghan government ministers yesterday and made a pledge to the women of Afghanistan: ``We will not abandon you.
French energy sector engineering company Technip has secured two contracts from BP for the Schiehallion field development.
The Chakhesang Women welfare Society market complex was inaugurated by Chairman, Kohima Municipal Council Vipopal Kintso on April 3, 2009.
In an unprecedented industry move, Vauxhall is introducing a lifetime warranty on all its new cars with immediate effect, providing the potential of comprehensive coverage throughout each vehicle's life.
London, Dec 20 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has claimed that he receives death threats from US soldiers regularly, a media report said Monday.
Roger Federer has moved back to No.3 in the world rankings thanks to his win in the ATP Tour Finals in London on Sunday.
Dina revealed to PopEater.com: ``Lindsay is dropping the Lohan and just going by Lindsay.
A Caltrain conductor contracted from Amtrak, has been arrested for falsely imprisoning several female passengers, and other incidents of misconduct, reports the Bay City News.
Christians around the world celebrated Palm Sunday today.
A Pepco spokesman says power has been restored to RFK Stadium and a housing project in southeast Washington after a day without electricity.
A North Carolina woman was charged with prostitution for the second time in a week on Friday, police said.
A second person has died of injuries suffered in a violent wind storm that pounded southern Ontario last week.
The majority of Australian finance workers would recommend a career here to overseas peers despite the high cost of living, according to the recent eFinancialCareers Annual Movement Survey.
Hundreds of Coptic Christians protested Tuesday evening outside the Alexandria library condemning the church burning in the town of Edfu, in the Aswan governorate in Upper Egypt.
Doom 4 will be compatible with the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset, just like its baby brother, Doom 3 BFG Edition.
The ruling Congress on Thursday released its election manifesto, promising to urge the Centre to provide constitutional safeguards for the territorial integrity of Manipur.
On Monday it became known that AOL purchased Internet video firm StudioNow.
Mehr News Agency reported that Iran has saved over USD 1 billion in energy costs in the 15 day period since the start of the subsidy reform plan.
A father and son were found guilty of first-degree murder Monday in Imperial County Superior Court for the 2009 death of the father's nephew, said Imperial County Deputy District Attorney Marco Nuñez.
Howard Stern Show co-host Robin Quivers says she is undergoing tests to determine whether or not she has cancer.
In an age when cartoons are built around pristine computer-generated images and packed with jokes, Henry Selick still makes animation the old fashioned way -- by hand, and scary.
Liverpool defender Fabio Aurelio is likely to miss the rest of the season after the Brazilian was ruled out for at least three weeks with a torn abductor muscle.
Lily Allen has said that Amy Winehouse became ``a cartoon character of herself'' by the end of her life.
Somerton voters on Tuesday will elect two new city council members and decide whether to place a limit on annual increases in the city budget.
Oil fell today as US supplies rose for the first time in a month and finance ministers from leading industrialized nations pleaded with top producers to boost crude production to help lower crude prices and help the global economy.
AC Milan is due to announce what is ailing hospitalized striker Antonio Cassano.
Kristin Cavallari has a hard labour Updated: 13:53, Saturday October 6, 2012 Kristin Cavallari says labour was worse than she could ever have imagined.
A 23-year-old Laurel man was arrested when law enforcement officers raided an illegal nightclub in the Hebron community west of Laurel.
LEE CLARK has warned Huddersfield not to blow their chance of a lifetime at Millwall in tonight's League One play-off semi-final second leg.
AROUND 1,000 homes were left without water for nearly two hours tonight following a burst pipe.
This is Daytona Ellen Carroll she is a youth fairy this year, she is from Owensville missouri.
A Christian group is suing the City of Ithaca for allegedly denying a Syracuse man his freedom of speech.
A man armed with a knife robbed a Milltown gas station Sunday night, police reported today.
Oscar-winning actress Sissy Spacek received the 2,443rd star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday.
Arunachal Pradesh is all set to launch a rural tourism project at Ziro in Lower Subansiri district by involving local people with the tourism department.
A trucker pleaded innocent Friday to murder and a string of drug-related charges in connection with a fatal DUI that led to the death of a state employee.
Gov. Jan Brewer declared a state of emergency for Yavapai County, where the Doce Fire is burning.
A 19-year-old man was booked in the death of a fetus after he accidentally shot a pregnant woman and killed her unborn baby, authorities said.
Crude oil prices held under $80 a barrel overnight in New York as supplies remain high in a week in which equities have hit a speed bump.
During Sunday afternoon, Nong Kham police in Sriracha received notification that a young man had drowned at a nearby pond.
Marcus Collins fled 'The X Factor' after his best pal Craig Colton was voted off the show on Sunday night.
East Timor President Jose Ramos-Horta was wounded and at least one of his guards was killed in an attack on his home Monday by renegade soldiers, army spokesman Maj. Domingos da Camara said.
In a costly display of pique, SC Gov. Nikki Haley will call state lawmakers into ``emergency'' session in an attempt to get them to pass her watered-down government restructuring legislation, sources tell FITS.
Gov. Matt Blunt has commuted the prison sentences of two women who killed the men who had abused them.
A new Raymond Blanc restaurant in Liverpool is nearing completion, with the Michelin-starred chef expressing his excitement at the venture.
General Electric Co is seeking acquisition opportunities in Italy among small- and medium-sized companies with 'superior' technology and a strong growth potential, said General Electric International CEO Ferdinando Beccalli.
Reese Witherspoon says working alongside an elephant for new movie `Water For Elephants` was one of the best experiences of her career.
' Well, I really belive Jacory is going to show us all Saturday night.''
Sri Lankan police arrested four people on Friday, including a Pakistani national, after seizing 50 kilos of high-grade heroin with a street value of one million dollars.
JP Morgan and Trading Technologies have entered into a global software licensing and distribution agreement under which JP Morgan will make Trading Technologies' X_Trader order entry software and TTNet hosting solution available to its trading desks and global futures and options clients.
GLENDALE, Calif. Gary Collins checked into jail Monday to serve a four-day sentence in his drunken driving case.
Researchers at the University of Twente in the Netherlands have developed an extremely small microfluidic chip that simulates chemical reactions commonplace in the human body, for testing drug reactions.
Two Great Falls teens accused of making bombs from soda bottles and planting the devices around the city were arrested Friday.
James Perloff will be interviewed on VoiceAmerica Business' ``Turning Hard Times into Good Times with Jay Taylor'' on July 6, 2:30 PM Central.
A US court has jailed a Chinese national for more than five years for illegally exporting military secrets to China.
Khunti, Mar 7 A 25-year-old CRPF jawan allegedly committed suicide today by shooting himself while on duty at Rania area here.
Cheryl Cole is reportedly in talks to host her own late night chat show.
A homemade bomb ripped through a passenger bus in the southern Philippines on Thursday, wounding 27 people, police said.
And then I come across the super cute Kate Hudson rocking a tiny little bikini and showing off her baby bump.
Developer Bloomsix has announced a mobile massive multiplayer online strategy game, Armada:
Gavin and Stacey star James Corden and X-Men's Sir Patrick Stewart apparently clashed on stage during last night's Glamour Awards in London.
Around 700,000 people have travelled by train during the Christmas and New Year holidays, the press office of the Bulgarian State Railways announced for FOCUS News Agency.
Governor-General, His Excellency the Most Hon. Dr. Patrick Allen, has said that the Government would continue its social programmes during the 2009/10 financial year, despite the challenges of the global economic crisis.
PTI May 15, 2013, 07.03PM IST French cement major Lafarge today said it will raise 200 million euros from Baring Private Equity Asia by selling a 14 per cent stake in its Indian subsidiary.
The new casino boat set sail for Little River from Miami last week, according to casino representatives, arriving on Friday.
FARMERS have been urged to take their animals for spraying to help in the suppression of tsetse flies.
Lollapalooza 2013 ticket are on sale as of this Tuesday with three day passes having been sold out already.
The African Union (AU) officially recognized the National Transitional Council as the legitimate government of Libya.
The reverse 9-1-1 system was put into service in Salinas to help get information on gang violence.
European data center operator Baltic Data Center announced on Thursday it has acquired Web hosting provider Hostex.
Afghan police and coalition forces killed 31 militants in a Taliban-controlled region of the country's opium poppy-growing belt, the second large battle in the Afghan south in two days, officials said Wednesday.
On Friday, State Auditor Tom Schweich released the audit of the Audrain County Collector and Property Tax System.
London, June 5 American singer Mandy Moore, who did not stick to formula singing, says her music is different from Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears.
``I do not believe in miracles,'' UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee remarked today, taking a jibe at his rival PA Sangma who is hoping for a miracle to see him through in the July 19 poll.
Police are investigating two firearm incidents that occurred last night (Mar.19) in Hamilton parish and Paget.
``There is no alternative to Dhoni. He and Virat Kohli have been tireless on the field. Virat has been exception and Dhoni has also been tireless. He hasn't missed too many opportunities of catching and stumping,'' Gavaskar told NDTV on Wednesday.
Kendrick has a good take, but when you pull back and look at the bigger picture, there are several compelling reasons why companion devices should -- and will -- eventually replace the PC.
Any male -- including close kin -- will do for the female red squirrel, who mates rather indiscriminately, according to a study that records this rather unusual trait in animals.
Ameer Jamaat --e- Islami Pakistan Syed Munawar Hassan has said that the country was heading towards anarchy due to the negative mindset of the rulers and the saboteurs and anti state elements were gaining strength.
The latest US Department of Agriculture projections for 2010/11 indicate that world cotton stocks are expected to decrease for the second consecutive season and drop below 50 million bales for the first time in 7 seasons.
US voters want ``real answers'' on the economic crisis and ``don't care about the back and forth between the candidates'', according to Barack Obama's wife.
Starbucks plans to open its first store in India by August.
Bruno Mars is in mourning after his mother died on Saturday, according to a report.
Fourth-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva breezed into the quarterfinals of the Indian Wells WTA tournament with a commanding 6-3, 6-3 win against Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai on Tuesday.
The Massillon Rotary Foundation Trust is accepting grant applications through May 31 from nonprofit organizations that sponsor projects focusing on health, wellness and other charitable purposes.
New Delhi, May 31 Breaking his silence on the raging spot-fixing scandal, Sachin Tendulkar on Thursday said that the developments of the last two weeks were ``shocking and disappointing'' and the faith reposed by the millions of fans in the game should be justified.
American Airlines, a founding member of the oneworld® alliance, is proud to celebrate the launch of two new routes and various additional frequencies from Miami International Airport.
The al Qaeda-linked Caucasus Emirate launched a suicide assault on the Chechen parliament in the capital of Grozny this morning.
Tom Hardy is expected to play Dr. Hugo Strange in the forthcoming Batman movie 'The Dark Knight Rises'.
Police are investigating the deaths of three people Saturday as a double murder and a suicide, Sgt. Bart Brunscheen, a spokesman for the Wichita Police Department, said Sunday .
No one was injured in a car versus school bus accident this morning, according to Dubuque Police.
Bryzgalov earned his third shutout in just four games to lead Philadelphia to a 1-0 shootout victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Jesse Helms, a die-hard anti-communist firebrand who championed a wide range of conservative causes as a US senator from North Carolina for 30 years, died early on Friday, aged 86, his foundation said.
Demand for new workers from UK employers rose steadily in February, according to the Reed Job Index.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says his favorite kids' movie is ``Shrek.''
Kristen Stewart will be presenting at the Oscars and we literally can't wait!
Kolkata, May 6 India will focus on China to promote exports in the communist country, but this year the response of Indian business to a trade fair there was lukewarm.
South African maize futures ended mixed on Monday, with both July white and yellow contracts edging up on lower than expected rainfall.
MODEL Katie Price was turned away from a Caterham tanning salon due to being pregnant.
Windstream intends to raise $400 million in a private placement of senior notes due 2018.
Argentina striker Carlos Tevez can play against Brazil in June's World Cup qualifier after his international ban was cut from two matches to one.
Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from a Los Angeles County jail less than five hours after she turned herself in to serve a 30-day sentence for violating probation.
Filmmaker John Hughes, who made some of the most memorable teen comedies of the 1980s and turned Macaulay Culkin into a major star, died suddenly of a heart attack in New York Thursday.
A recent uncharacteristic frost slammed Dhamar governorate, damaging agricultural crops throughout governorate and spoiling large trees in gardens and parks in the city of Dhamar.
Left-arm quick Mitchell Starc has put Australia ahead of the big dollars in the IPL but captain Michael Clarke and keeper Matthew Wade look set to cash in.
Singapore Airlines Cargo, a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, on Wednesday announced that it has added new services and frequencies to its freighter network.
Jon Gosselin, who almost returned the money he lifted from a joint bank account, has sparked secret TV deal speculation.
Retired US District Judge Thomas Hull of Greeneville, who spent 23 years on the federal bench, died today.
Warriors centre Graeme Morrison will make his 100th Magners League start for Glasgow Warriors on Friday when the Warriors face Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League at the Parc Y Scarlets.
A Chicago firefighter was slightly injured when he fell through the floor of a burning building on the city's South Side Friday morning.
A freight train sits derailed west of Avalon Blvd., Saturday, Jan. 3, 3009 in Santa Rosa County near Pensacola, Fla. Authorities say a freight train carrying petroleum, wine and fruit has derailed in the Florida Panhandle amid heavy fog.
A Corvallis man was arrested in the early morning hours Wednesday after threatening an ex-girlfriend and two friends with a handgun.
UFC flyweight and fan favorite Ian McCall was arrested last week in Irvine, California due to a charge of driving with a suspended license.
The Coca-Cola Co. plans to invest $1 billion in the Philippines during the next five years.
Mumbai, Feb 16 Bryan Adams will ``definitely'' come back to Delhi, according to Bollywood actor Suniel Shetty whose wife supports NGO Save the Children for which funds are being raised with the singer's concerts in India.
Bolivian voters backed a new constitution on Sunday, allowing leftist President Evo Morales to run for re-election, give the poor indigenous majority more power and tighten his grip on the economy.
The Labor Department said the jobless rate held steady at 9.7% last month, the same level from January.
NVR, Incorporation's Ryan Homes Division has opened the new Wexford model home at Yorkshire Square in Aurora, Illinois, US.
Four Americans were killed during a rocket attack at Bagram Air Base, outside of Kabul, a Pentagon official said Tuesday on the condition of anonymity.
Parents should keep their children in rear facing car seats until the age of four to offer them greater protection in a car crash, according to a new report.
A Utica man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for setting a man on fire, a term he will serve after he completes 15 years for the death of a Florida man.
The purchase of land for a new county jail was approved following an executive session by the Harrison County Commissioners Court.
Furlonge said Queen's Park, who clinched their second consecutive Premier Division title, were dedicating the 2012 season to Morton, who died in a vehicular accident on March 4, and noted that the former West Indies, Leeward Islands and Trinidad and Tobago opener played a part in their latest success.
MELBOURNE Football club president Jim Stynes will receive an honorary doctorate from the Australian Catholic University tonight.
Russia is planning to launch two Nigerian satellites into orbit in December, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said.
When Alabama A&M on Thursday announced that it had promoted Willie Hayes to head coach, that mean only one Division I opening remains.
Two men have been jailed for two years each after taking part in ``gratuitously violent'' robberies in which a gang carried out random attacks on people on the way home from Christmas parties.
MADRID - Real Betis was relegated from the Spanish league on Sunday after drawing 1-1 with Valladolid.
Rapper Lil Wayne has opened up about his recent health drama, revealing he has epilepsy and regularly suffers life-threatening seizures which fans never hear about.
Stiliyan Petrov will begin treatment at a London hospital on Monday after being diagnosed with acute leukaemia.
Wyoming fired head basketball coach Heath Schroyer on Monday, two days after the Cowboys lost at home to rival Colorado State University, the Cowboys' seventh consecutive loss and 15th of the season.
European stock markets closed sharply higher yesterday, driven by very strong results for the banks and better-than-expected US data after disappointing growth figures last week, dealers said.
India Inc looks at Barack Obama with the hope that he will be able to end the global economic crisis, which has retarded the country's growth, pulled down markets, let loose a financial turmoil and caused anxiety among its workforce.
Our Representative Sujith Vithana Pathirana said that the troops captured an underground fuel storage facility of the LTTE during a search operation.
Power cuts in the Western Cape are threatening 22 000 farming jobs.
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh, responding to Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's comment that he was not taken seriously even by the Congress, today said that people make statement like this if they want to avoid replying to charges made against them.
Chicago Fire midfielder Cuauhtémoc Blanco was voted MLS Player of the Month for May after registering two goals and four assists in four matches.
Several people were arrested in the Charlotte area Monday during an early morning federal drug roundup.
Today Kratos Defense & Security Solutions announced that it has acquired selected assets of a critical infrastructure security and public safety system integration business from a large international public company.
Mercator Lines, the HK Mittal controlled shipping to mines major, will invest about INR 200 crore to INR 250 crore in developing a coal mine in the Batuah region of Kalimantan province in Indonesia as part of its strategy to increase its presence in the high margin mining industry.
In one of the most unusual hook-ups of Hollywood, rapper 50 Cent is reportedly dating comedienne Chelsea Handler.
Construction spending rose unexpectedly in June to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $965.7 billion, or 0.3 percent above the revised May estimate of $963.2 billion.
Two people who led police on a car chase Sunday into Azusa are scheduled to be arraigned today, police said.
Colorado is promising to adopt merit pay for teachers and dramatically expand its Teach for America corps as it tries to win $380 million in education reform funding.
DINERS who ate at The Spice Room in Moreton last Thursday are being urged to contact police as they may be able to help with a robbery investigation.
Dennis Hopper has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Sen. Rand Paul has co-sponsored a Balanced Budget Amendment proposal introduced by Senator Mike Lee.
Health care technology company InVivoLink has launched an iPad app, called ``OrthoPod,'' to allow orthopedic surgeons to access their personal implant registry and practice pattern data.
SUPERMARKET giant Sainsbury's is aiming to create 50,000 jobs by 2020, double the amount of British food it sells and massively increase fairly traded products under a Pounds 1bn sustainability plan launched today.
Lars Hedegaard, Islamic expert and president of the International Free Press Society, was found guilty of racism today by Denmark's Eastern High Court.
Nashville Symphony has announced their November lineup of events, kicking off with Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto SunTrust Classical Series.
He says he likes being member of a happy team than skipper of an unhappy one, and adds that England are ready to beat Australia in this summer's Ashes, which begins at Cardiff on July 8.
The Dow closed above 13,000 for the first time since May 2008 on Tuesday while the TSX hit a five-month high, as buoyant US consumer confidence data and a sharp drop in oil prices nudged the nearly five-month rally forward.
Avatar, James Cameron's 3-D adventure film, was nominated for nine Oscars, including best picture, as the Hollywood film community pitted the world's top-grossing picture against an expanded cast of lesser-knowns.
Finnish charter airline Air Finland on Tuesday filed for bankruptcy and halted all flights, expressing ``deep regret'' over the move.
A callous son who tried to kill his badly-injured mother by turning off the central heating was jailed for more than 10 years today.
Pennsylvania lawmakers rallied support on Capitol Hill on Wednesday for three imperiled Philadelphia-area oil refineries.
A great white shark tagged by NZ scientists has set a world record for the deepest known dive at 1200m.
An anti-war billboard drew controversey in Idaho on Saturday.
Freddie Mac said on Friday said it will not issue a reference REMIC offering during the week of January 12.
Researchers found that weightlifting could cut your diabetes risk by up to a third.
Losses of the US military contingent in Iraq have reached 4,000 servicemen, a representative of the US military command in Baghdad said on Monday.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is ready to go into the new season with Lukasz Fabianski as his No1.
And she said that your personality - and the connection between emotions and what and when you eat - could indeed be making you fat.
Victory Records have announced that they have signed a deal with French progressive metalcore band As They Burn.
Russell Investments will move its headquarters from downtown Tacoma to Seattle by the end of next year.
Five couples from financially backward families tied the knot in a simple and elegant function held at Sai Gramam, Thonnakkal on Monday as part the 84th birthday celebration of Sri Sathya Sai Baba.
The local government of Vigan City, a World Heritage City, received a ``seal of good housekeeping'' award from the Department of Interior and Local Goverment.
A Delaware County police officer was seriously injured in a crash early this morning.
Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman US Joints Chief Staff Thursday visited Jalozai camp in Nowshera, where he was given briefing over Malakand affectees repatriation and their rehabilitation.
Residents of Tunapuna are set to benefit from a newly refurbished community centre to be formally commissioned by Minister of Community Development, the Honourable Winston 'Gypsy' Peters on Wednesday December 12, 2012 at 2:00 pm.
Hartman Arena has dropped its proposal for the Kansas Coliseum, Sedgwick County officials announced today.
Film production company K Sera Sera is planning to raise up to $100 million to fund its expansion plans.
A 6-year-old boy was killed at a monster truck show after a hunk of metal flew into the stands and hit him in the head.
On Thursday, Polaroid Corp. became the latest entity owned by indicted businessman, Tom Petters, to announce that it was seeking protection from creditors by filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
AP Apr 04, 2010 06:16:19 AM Sebastian Vettel led Mark Webber in a 1-2 finish for Red Bull at the Malaysian Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Shanghai Composite Index continued to fall on Tuesday, hitting 1,888.68 by midday, down 3.8 percent from Tuesday opening amid continued market concern about curbed liquidity.
On average, 26 construction workers are seriously injured in Halton every year.
When the going gets tough ... put on an exoskeleton!
Toyota and Dentsu America have launched a microsite to support Toyota's ``Why Not?'' corporate advertising campaign.
Jagdish Malkani, Taib India said that, ``The market could face resistance around 5150.
Eurozone recovery proves elusive there's no sign of a recovery from recession.
Bellaire has made changes to solid waste pickup, following an extensive evaluation the city conducted in 2011 to ensure the cost of solid waste/recycling collection could be maintained at a reasonable level for all residents.
NASCAR driver Kyle Busch, who was suspended from racing for the weekend after crashing into competitor Ron Hornaday Jr. during a caution period at Friday night's Camping World Truck Series race at Texas Motor Speedway, issued an apology on Saturday.
Actor Jang Geun Suk recently paid a visit to the set of the drama ``Protect the Boss'' bearing chicken for the cast and crew.
President Obama on Friday ordered his administration to prepare the first fuel efficiency standards for big rigs and heavy trucks and to extend standards for cars and light trucks beyond 2016.
Communist Party of India Central Committee member EP Jayarajan has said that Congress leader K. Sudhakaran has no moral right to continue as an MP, alleging that the latter is facing charges in connection with an attempt to forcibly release 'goons' arrested by the police here on the polling day on April 16.
The trade on Ukraine's interbank currency market on Tuesday opened with a slight rise in currency quotations - to UAH 8.0620-8.0830/USD 1 and UAH 11.0602-11.0925/EUR 1.
Canada condemns the terrible attack this morning on the US Embassy in Sanaa, Yemen.
Government watchdogs from all over Africa will meet in South Africa's Mpumalanga Province in September to thrash out more effective ways to hold civil servants accountable.
MEXICO CITY ― An official in the mayor's office of Mexican border city Reynosa has confirmed that a Mexican League baseball game was suspended after gunfire broke out around the stadium.
MTV has canceled its romantic dramedy series ``I Just Want My Pants Back'' after one season.
In order to focus more on core business Continental intends to sell its fuel supply business unit.
A nonprofit leader is facing federal felony charges accused of running a crime ring.
Slovak President Ivan Gašparovič and his spouse paid an official visit to the Republic of Lithuania on June 5-7, 2011.
ASTON Villa manager Alex McLeish last night revealed skipper Stiliyan Petrov was in ``amazing spirits'' on his first day of treatment after being diagnosed with acute leukaemia.
Conservation officers are investigating an incident of a body found in a private pond in Noble County.
Lil Wayne has launched a website from prison less than a month after he was jailed for gun crimes.
Mexico may bid for the 2026 World Cup, knowing it will face tough competition from the United States.
A stamp paper crisis has hit the Raiganj court inconveniencing the common people who are visiting the court everyday for affidavits, agreements and different deeds but failing to have their work done due to non-availability of stamp papers of Rs 10 value.
South African telecom giant MTN, which is in exclusive talks with Anil Ambani-led Reliance Communications for a possible alliance, today said its shareholders approved all resolutions at its AGM, including buyback of upto 10 per cent of the shares.
More children's medicines are being recalled because they were made at the same Johnson & Johnson plant where federal health authorities found poor quality standards.
Malaysia will continue to welcome Vietnamese workers into the country in the future and will do its best to ensure their safety.
Gold futures fell for a second day on Tuesday, retreating from near a one-month high, as the US dollar gained on weak economic data and reduced the appeal of the precious metal as an alternative investment.
Troika Dialog investment house plans to set up a special 'distressed' asset fund to invest in Russian debt markets and help finance corporate share buybacks, it said Monday.
DTE Energy Company has elected Mark A. Murray and Gerard M. Anderson to the company's board, effective April 30, 2009.
A farm labourer ``mercilessly executed'' four people in return for pitifully small amounts of money, a jury heard today.
Real men cry and so do politicians.
This afternoon, President-elect Obama will address the nation for the first time since he's acceptance speech Tuesday night.
France plans to raise taxes on funds transferred to tax havens and on dividends coming from these jurisdictions, to conform with a Group of 20 plan to crack down on countries that don't comply with global tax standards.
German business confidence took a tumble this month, according to data, putting back on the table speculation of a possible interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, analysts said.
Joe Torre has visited new Yankee Stadium for the first time, embraced Brian Cashman and started to mend the relationship with his former general manager.
Prince Harry is to attend an Army equality training course after video footage showed him using offensive terms to describe fellow cadets at the Sandhurst military academy, the BBC reported on Thursday.
OAKLAND, Calif. Police say a man was shot and killed during an early morning shooting while driving a car in East Oakland.
For the second year in a row, municipal aid to River Edge and Oradell has remained flat following this morning's release of state aid numbers by the Department of Community Affairs.
Food Bank For New York City -- the city's major hunger-relief organization working to end food poverty throughout the five boroughs -- today announced the official launch of its highly anticipated new interactive virtual food drive fundraising tool that will allow donors to create a personalized Virtual Food Drive page and invite friends, family or coworkers to donate.
The Washington Post Magazine, offered each Sunday from The Washington Post, will unveil a new look and new features for its readers beginning this weekend.
North Korea is expanding a missile launch site in the country's northeast and has changed the shape of warheads to improve missile accuracy, a Seoul daily reported Tuesday.
Prices of pulses such as tur, urad, moong and yellow peas are expected to remain stable due to the adequate imports and expectation of good production in the coming rabi season.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested in the shooting death of his father in Kaysville.
A 70-year-old Utah woman who drowned off a Kauai beach on Thursday has been identified.
The Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Denver Broncos betting odds were hovering between Denver -2 ½ and -3 after opening at -3.
The BBC is to roll out iPhones to journalists so they can be more productive in the field, in a move that is unlikely to please taxpayers.
Five of seven studies show that chocolate holds some power to improve heart health, but doctors warn chocolate lovers shouldn't go overboard.
Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker on Wednesday was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat and was expected to stay overnight in a Chicago hospital.
The Libbey High School auction scheduled for Monday, Dec. 20 has been postponed.
Reuters News Service, 30 March 2009 ) - Graphics chipmaker Nvidia counter-sued Intel for breach of contract on Thursday, alleging Intel made misleading statements designed to undermine Nvidia's licensing rights.
A Randolph County man whose nine penned deer were killed by wildlife officers is due in court on a charge that his attorney says carries a $10 fine.
State corrections officials are investigating an incident that left four workers injured at the Stillwater prison.
Now you can follow your Facebook friends directly from Twitter, all thanks to the micro-blogging site's latest applications.
ID Systems, a US-based provider of wireless solutions for managing and securing enterprise assets, has said that American Eagle Airlines has selected ID Systems's AvRamp wireless vehicle management system to manage a fleet of aircraft ground support equipment at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
Some travelers are complaining about airport pat downs that they say are getting too personal.
Sen. John McCain met with the Dalai Lama in Aspen, Col., Friday.
Celsius Holdings has unveiled that Celsius, the calorie burning beverage, will be available in October at more than 250 Duane Reade stores throughout metropolitan New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Hillary Rodham Clinton won the Florida Democratic primary on Tuesday night, an event that drew no campaigning by any of her presidential rivals and awarded no delegates to the winner.
Asian stocks slid on Monday and the euro sank to a 10-year low against the yen, after the resignation of a top German European Central Bank board member cast further doubt on the region's ability to tackle its worsening sovereign debt crisis.
The Boone Hospital Center is building a new patient tower to further provide care for the community.
Google is launching its own domain name system, claiming that it can perform the task of connecting website names to the correct internet protocol addresses more effectively than the service providers which normally do the job.
At least 23 people were killed across Syria on Sunday as security forces raided protest hubs and clashed with armed rebels as a tenuous UN-backed ceasefire entered its second month.
SIYAYA Arts will this year bid farewell to their fans in style, as they will host a series of shows across the country ahead of their European tour that begins in May.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan on Sunday, including two who died when their helicopter crashed in the east, the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said.
Marc Lifsher of the Los Angeles Times reports, CalPERS suit accuses Lehman Bros. of fraud:
Spanish and Italian government bond yields remained at elevated levels early Tuesday as market participants continued to mull over the implications of the Spanish banking aid package.
Former England coach Kevin Keegan was banned from driving for six months Thursday after he was caught speeding.
Vietnam veterans in Kansas are still waiting for the state to issue special license plates to honor them.
While most Mini-ITX motherboards feature under-powered VIA CPUs, Intel has shown off a new Mini-ITX motherboard at CeBIT that will support Core 2 processors with a 1,333MHz FSB, and apparently even feature Intel's new DirectX 10 GMA 4500 graphics.
Speaker of the Jatiya Sangsad Abdul Hamid Advocate on Saturday urged the voters to be conscious in electing competent public representatives so that they can play due role at home and abroad.
Electrovaya today announced that it has signed a revised term sheet agreement with Miljobil for electric car battery production in Norway whereby Electrovaya will be providing its critical enabling lithium ion Superpolymer ® battery technology.
Simon & Schuster saw profits grow 64% for the three months to the end of June, parent company CBS has revealed, with sales up 5%.
Beck/Arnley has added two new automatic transmission fluids to its line of genuine OE quality fluids.
Members of the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament, on Friday began a three-day induction workshop in Koforidua, aimed at enhancing their competences.
Japanese household spending edged up 0.3 percent in May from a year earlier, marking the first increase in 16 months, official figures showed yesterday.
Police are investigating a fatal motor vehicle crash at Lake Tabourie on the state's south coast yesterday.
Merck, known as MSD outside the US and Canada, has received FDA approval for ZIOPTAN 0.0015%, the preservative-free prostaglandin analog ophthalmic solution.
A 23-year-old Tularosa woman pleaded no contest to harboring a felon in Otero County 12th Judicial District Court on Tuesday.
Property prices in India which have been on the decline for several months on account of the credit crunch, are set to rise, according to Mr RR Nair, Director and Chief Executive, LIC Housing Finance Ltd.
Microsoft is updating its SkyDrive cloud-based storage service, providing a zippier experience by using HTML5 technology as well as hardware acceleration.
Daniel Craig-starrer `The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo` will not be released in India after the Censor Board of Film Certification wanted certain explicit scenes to be blurred.
Eckstein wins seventh ironman title Updated: 18:36, Sunday February 24, 2013 Shannon Eckstein reinforced his status as one of surf lifesaving's greatest athletes when he delivered an expected seventh national ironman title at Noosa on Sunday.
The Pension Protection Fund has released a tender asking for a managed services contract, including desktop and server support, Software-as-a-Service and G-Cloud services, among others.
A Seabrook woman was carjacked while stuck in traffic in Kemah Thursday night, Citizen news partner ABC13 reports.
Ministry of Road Transport and Highways will train 5,000 heavy vehicle drivers through a refresher course to minimise accidents.
Bulgarian parliament is to hold an extraordinary sitting on Wednesday, March 12.
American Airlines has cancelled more than 20 flights at Lambert St. Louis International Airport today, according to the airport's website.
Belgium says 31 detained in $50M diamond heist Authorities claimed a major breakthrough on Wednesday in their investigation of a spectacular $50 million diamond heist, detaining at least 31 people in a three-nation sweep some three months after robbers pulled off the theft with clockwork precision at Brussels Airport A Frenchman who is believed to have been one of the actual robbers at the airport was arrested in France, while six to eight people were detained in Geneva, and 24 in and around Brussels.
Rubber bullets were fired at Customs House in the Cape Town CBD on Tuesday 28 May 2012.
A statement by the Central Bank reads: ``Last week the government reached an agreement with the delegation of the International Monetary Fund. That agreement, which will be submitted to the fund's executive committee for confirmation in the next few days, includes, among other things, that the Central Bank raises its policy rate to 18 percent.''
Former model Tyra Banks has shockingly fired her long-standing panel of experts from her show America's Next Top Model, including fashion photographer Nigel Barker, runway expert J. Alexander and creative director Jay Manuel.
Yesterday's Antique Mall, long considered an ``anchor'' on Lake Avenue, is closing its doors this month.
Coupon use is on the rise after 16 years in decline, coupon processor CMS said.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pushed back against the notion that President Obama had not shown leadership with his budget, asserting that the White House had unveiled a broad fiscal plan.
State Sen. Rob Marionneaux is facing ethics charges related to his involvement in a legal dispute between LSU and Bernhard Mechanical Contractors over a performance-based energy contract.
Melbourne Victory says it will have a new A-League coach within the next 48 hours, but he will only be guaranteed a job until the end of this season.
The Bank of Israel held its key short-term borrowing rate at 1.25 percent on Monday, as two straight monthly rate increases have helped to halt a rise in inflation expectations.
Montreal Canadiens forward Maxim Lapierre has been suspended four games for a late hit on San Jose Sharks forward Scott Nichol.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 353 points, or 2.3 percent, to 14,758 points Thursday.
Sprint says it's reached a deal to buy US Cellular markets in the Midwest for $480 million to boost its network capacity as it upgrades its network.
About 50 homeowners in the county will get a break on their property taxes after they appealed rising tax valuations in the wake of the recent decline in the real estate market.
Cities throughout the Imperial Valley will be celebrating National Day of Prayer on Thursday and are inviting all community members to join in on the food and celebration.
WOMEN should demand nannies and housekeepers as part of their salary package to keep their careers on track, Ita Buttrose says.
Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane will host the 85th Oscars ceremony in February, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, which produces the Oscars, said yesterday.
Srinagar , July 31 Agricultural technocrats working as&aposRehbar-e-Ziraat' today withdrew their week-long strike following an assurance from Chief Minister Omar Abdullah that a pragmatic and feasible solution to the issue of their regularization is being worked out.
Young Slovakian cyclist Peter Sagan won the sixth stage of the Tour of Spain on Thursday in a lightning attack by his Liquigas team at the end of a 193km ride from Ubeda to Cordoba.
``I think that I'm pretty powerful, I guess,'' he said.
Provinces and territories will likely have to expand home care as a way to deal with the demographic deluge of aging Canadians, two premiers said Friday during a gathering of provincial health ministers.
Natural gas futures gained in New York, rebounding from a 13-month low, as revised forecasts showed colder-than-normal weather in the US that would boost demand for the heating fuel.
A Brooke County boy was airlifted after he fell over a retaining wall late Sunday afternoon and suffered serious head injuries.
Cordy Glenn has won the left tackle job, a critical assignment as quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick's blindside protector, and Vince Young has taken a big lead in the race to win the No. 2 quarterback gig.
Silver Spoon, part of Associated British Foods, and Cargill, have on January 26 announced an exclusive strategic partnership for UK distribution and marketing of Truvia branded tabletop, the first stevia-based, zero calorie sweetener.
Digicel, the largest mobile operator in the Caribbean and recent entrant to Central America, today announced details of its three-year sponsorship of the Digicel Caribbean Cup New York.
The Islamist group Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for Flight 253 PETN bomb attempt carried out on Christmas Day by a Nigerian terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab in a statement released on the organization's website.
Per Kevin Acee of the San Diego Union-Tribune, Gates has an ankle injury and it ``doesn't look good.''
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced on Wednesday that he plans to visit Colombia to meet the country's President, Alvaro Uribe.
London, Dec 8 Boys are hitting puberty an average year earlier than their fathers' generation, a study says.
After 52 years on the Fraser River, the Albion Ferry made its final voyage Friday afternoon.
Solange Knowles loves beer Updated: 13:28, Friday November 30, 2012 Beyonce Knowles' younger sister Solange says she prefers beer to fancy cocktails.
Manchester United defender Rafael is aiming to make history by clinching Brazil's first ever men's football gold medal at the Olympic Games.
Rights campaigners in Bishkek say a Tajik human rights activist was not allowed to enter Kyrgyzstan today, RFE/RL's Kyrgyz Service reports.
Republican presidential hopeful John McCain reached out to his party's conservative base on Saturday and cast himself as the only candidate who could beat the Democrats to the White House in November.
A prolific serial rapist pleaded guilty in Denver Friday to multiple counts of sexual assault.
In a light turnout, St. Landry Parish voters approved the renewal of a parish-wide jail tax to pay for operating expenses for the St. Landry Parish jail, a fire protection levy for Fire District 3 and a gravity drainage tax for Ward 3.
After announcing her pregnancy just a few short weeks ago, American Idol alum Fantasia Barrino has been ordered to bed rest and forced to cancel a scheduled performance at the Bronner Brothers International Hair Show.
Little League Baseball will use instant replay at this year's World Series to review questionable home runs and other close plays at the outfield fence, beating the major leagues in instituting a system to review some disputed calls.
An Edmonton doctor has served a suspension for having sex with a patient, and must now restrict his practice to males only.
Kazakhstan has decided to pull its troops out of Iraq after five years of fighting alongside the US army, the Central Asian state's Defence Ministry said Tuesday, reported dpa.
Adam LaRoche had surgery on his left shoulder this morning at Washington Hospital Center, the Nationals announced.
A shortage of grit in severe winter weather could leave Cambridge city centre cut off.
Early Sunday morning Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels confirmed he will not run for president.
A Tweed fuels technician pleaded guilty before the Ontario Court of Justice to knowingly installing a gas appliance without proper accreditation earlier this year.
Park Geun-hye announces her presidential bid in Time Square in Yeongdeungpo, Seoul on Tuesday.
Pellicano and attorney Terry Christensen were each convicted of conspiracy to commit wiretapping.
President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani strongly condemning the manhandling of former Federal Minister Sher Afgan Niazi and former Chief Minister Sindh Arbab Ghulam Rahim have vowed that the democracy process in the country would not be allowed to be derailed at any cost.
HBO has renewed ``Boardwalk Empire'' for a fourth season.
Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela hailed Barack Obama as a ``new voice of hope'' for the world on Tuesday and compared his inauguration as US President to South Africa's historic transition to democracy.
A woman is accused of stealing $141,000 from her employer, a local defense attorney, over a two-year period.
The Royals called up first baseman Eric Hosmer and he is expected to start tomorrow.
Google has launched a hosted, 'big data' analytics service that lets businesses analyse large data sets in the cloud.
The funeral of Farington teenager Harry Davies, who died in Australia, will take place tomorrow.
India has the ``political space'' to allow more foreign investments in insurance, pensions and banking after the government won a confidence vote in parliament this week, Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said.
Ryanair confirmed this morning that it will comply with EU261 regulations under which EU airlines are required to reimburse the reasonable receipted expenses of disrupted passengers.
Two Tampa police officers killed: $30,000 reward offered for Dontae Rashawn Morris, live video, chat Tuesday, June 29th, 2010 Two Tampa...
A Paris Saint-Germain soccer fan has died after spending weeks in a coma following an attack by rival PSG supporters, the latest incident of violence associated with the French club.
He said: ''I've had tinnitus for about 10 years, but since I started protecting my ears it hasn't got any worse - touch wood.
A major winter storm is expected to develop over Texas tonight, and intensify rapidly as it moves northeast into the Ohio Valley Tuesday night and Wednesday.
A recent study has suggested that a business website that does not have communication tools such as ``contact information or real-time dialog'' can drive visitors to a competitor's site.
CARACAS, Venezuela Former major leaguer Oscar Azocar, a free-swinging outfielder when he debuted for the New York Yankees in 1990, died Monday.
Up for sale jeweller Aurum's EBITDA soared in its last financial year as its sale process ``remains on track''.
A federal judge has barred New York City from hiring new firefighters after criticizing its handling of a discrimination lawsuit against the fire department.
Two accidents that happened within minutes of each other caused trouble in the north end of town early afternoon Friday.
Poland striker Arkadiusz Milik has joined Bayer Leverkusen on a long term contract, with the youngster set to join the Bundesliga club early in January.
Body of US lottery winner exhumed Updated: 10:09, Saturday January 19, 2013 The body of an Indian-born US man who was poisoned with cyanide after winning the lottery was exhumed on Friday for an autopsy that authorities hope will help solve the mystery surrounding his death.
However, statistics were heavily stacked against Montsho, observes Staff Writer, MQONDISI DUBE
Ford Motor Co. says it will add more than 7,000 workers in the US over the next two years, including 750 engineers with expertise in batteries and other advanced technology.
Russia and the United States on Thursday agreed to conduct joint stress tests at nuclear plants in both countries due to the ongoing nuclear crisis in Japan, General Director of Rosatom Sergei Kiriyenko said.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in a Nottingham shopping centre on suspicion of murder after a body was found in the city centre.
Former President Bill Clinton will be in Owensboro on Wednesday to attend a fundraiser for the Wendell H. Ford Government Education Center.
Austrian authorities said Josef Fritzl would remain under a suicide watch after he was convicted of homicide and other charges on Thursday, and sentenced to life in a psychiatric ward for imprisoning his daughter for 24 years, fathering her seven children and letting his infant son die a captive.
Andhra Bank announced that it has migrated 527 branches to Core Banking Solution, that account for 34% of the bank`s total business, reports Economic Times.
The GBPUSD has rebounded off the days lows at the 1.6123 level.
Adelaide Brighton expects a 1-2 year decline in Australian construction activity of between 10 and 20 percent, based on previous recessionary cycles.
US video game retail giant GameStop is set to acquire Kongregate, the popular social gaming service.
The Titans got one tight end back on the practice field on Thursday, while another remained on the sideline.
In an interview with the New Times Broward-Palm Beach, Nugent said that on important issues, ``Obama represents everything bad about humanity and Romney pretty much all that is good. It is really that stark.''
Second District Congresswoman Shelley Moore Capito says she will not run for US Senate this year.
Reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee endorsed Republican presidential hopeful John McCain on Monday, citing the senator's support of Hispanics and his immigration efforts.
A second teacher has been pulled from a classroom at a Los Angeles school where a teacher this week was charged with taking bondage-style photos of children for sexual thrills.
British singer Robbie Williams poked fun at his former Take That bandmate Mark Owen on stage while performing in London.
The state unemployment rate rose to 3.6 percent last month, the highest rate since December 2005, according to the Montana Department of Labor and Industry.
Former Venezuelan President Carlos Andres Perez, who nationalised the oil industry, survived a coup attempt by future leader Hugo Chavez, and was later driven out of office on corruption charges, has died in Miami, his daughter told local media.
A Veedersburg man was killed in a grain bin accident on the morning of June 19 morning at a grain elevator in Stone Bluff.
Altogether 74,917 job opportunities have been created in different sectors of the economy till July, said HE Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Abdullah al Bakri, Minister of Manpower on Monday.
Four more cars were torched in west Contra Costa County over the weekend, bringing to at least 14 the number of vehicles that have been set on fire since Wednesday, authorities said.
Apple on Tuesday released iTunes 9.1.1, a fix-filled...
A hog torch caused a van fire Tuesday resulting in a loss estimate of $7,000, Racine firefighters said.
Orlando Pirates have lost out on the signature of Mabhuti Khenyeza, who has signed a pre-contract with SuperSport United.
Spanish police arrested a 66-year-old man on Friday who reappeared after 30 years and presumably killed his wife's current husband.
A top advisor to President Barack Obama has said that the fragile US economy needed ``more medicine,'' stepping up a campaign for the extension of payroll tax cuts by a fractious Congress.
Recent reports have been claiming that Porsche is already at work on a Panamera convertible.
Two persons were killed and five injured when a private bus rammed a tea shop at Karimugal junction early in the morning on Friday.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger urged gay marriage supporters in a CNN interview on Sunday to ``never give up'' on the fight for marriage equality.
Daniel Albrecht of Switzerland won a World Cup giant slalom race ahead of Croatia's Ivica Kostelic to overtake the lead in the discipline standings Sunday.
Chad Costello of the Colorado Eagles tied the ECHL single-game record with three shorthanded goals last night in a 5-3 win against Las Vegas.
Changes to our prison laws are being slammed by opposition parties as breaches of human rights.
North Queensland backrower Jacob Lillyman will fight his dangerous throw charge at the NRL judiciary tomorrow night.
Snoop Dogg was busted at a border crossing in Texas after border agents found several marijuana cigarettes on his tour bus.
The statewide private burn ban brought on by dry conditions in October was lifted today.
A 25-year-old Somali immigrant pleaded guilty in San Diego federal court Thursday to sending money to help a terrorist group in her native land.
Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday pitched for modernising Delhi police and creating awareness among residents to address the growing feeling of insecurity among women in the national capital.
A 49-year-old Sheboygan man accused of punching a woman in the face was charged Monday with felony battery.
North Korea fully reopened its border Tuesday to South Koreans commuting to jobs at factories in a northern economic zone after four days of restrictions, South Korean officials said.
President Obama will visit CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., later this week to thank the intelligence community for its work in helping to find terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney announced on Wednesday.
Iran will close the Strait of Hormuz, through which the bulk of Middle East oil is shipped, if the country is attacked, state-run Fars news agency reported, citing a military commander.
Coleen Rooney has given birth to a baby boy who she and husband Wayne have named Klay Anthony.
An Ames woman has been charged with filing a false report claiming she was abducted and sexually assaulted.
VISITORS to many licensed Irish zoos are in danger of being attacked by a variety of the animals and birds on show and are exposed to infections such as salmonella and bird flu.
The women's reservation bill holds many unrealized promises for the political empowerment of women, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar said here Saturday.
Winneconne police are investigating the death of a 61-year-old local man found slumped over a boat on the Wolf River.
And you thought men do all the ``goofing around'' when the topic of long-term relationships arises -- a new shocking UK poll has found that women are more likely to cheat on their partners than men.
LOCAL diary farmer Raman Prasad who has been operating his dairy farm out of Naikabula just outside Lautoka along the King's Highway, says milk supply always depended on the demand from customers.
UK output price inflation slowed to 3.3 percent in April from an upwardly revised 3.7 percent in March, the Office for National Statistics showed Friday.
The Very Rev Vivienne Faull, the Dean of Leicester, is to be the next Dean of York, it has been announced by Downing Street.
Karvy Stock Broking has upgraded Torrent Pharma to Buy with a price target of Rs 700 as against the current market price of Rs 587 in its report dated June 28, 2012.
Actor Michelle Yeoh may have starred in Hollywood hits like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and the bond film, Tomorrow Never Dies, but she says that she grew up watching Bollywood films.
An inmate at the Big Sandy Federal Penitentiary is indicted on charges he mailed letters to federal officials saying there was anthrax inside.
A former Obama administration official says al Qaida leader Osama bin Laden wanted to see President Barack Obama and Gen. David Petraeus assassinated.
Ulster County duo held in Lloyd gas station robbery Two Ulster County men were charged in the Sunday holdup at a Town of Lloyd gas station after taking hundreds of dollars, police said.
Jennifer Aniston looked hot in white Burberry at the AFI Gala honouring Shirley MacLaine in LA.
The Dow Jones industrial average tumbled another 200 points today on record-high oil prices and a bleak economic assessment from the Federal Reserve.
Four of the recently created districts in Ashanti region will benefit from 100 mechanized bore holes this year for enhanced access to portable water under the Extended Programme of the fourth phase of the rural water supply project.
BlackRock , the world's largest money manager, sees investors shifting their investments away from bonds to equities this year, a senior executive told Reuters on Thursday.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell the Premier League club and has already rejected two offers, the Sunday Mirror reported.
China Development Bank is setting up operations in Hong Kong as part of overall plans by the government to attract more foreign investment into the Chinese bond market by boosting the use of its currency -- the yuan -- in the international arena.
Maytas Infra, promoted by the family of former Satyam Computer Services chairman B Ramalinga Raju, is expected to implement its corporate debt restructuring plan over the next two months and is in talks with SBI Capital markets to implement it.
The Yahoo! Big Idea Chair Award has received 183 entries from across agencies in three categories in the digital advertising space.
The Dubai Mercantile Exchange Limited announced that JP Morgan has taken an equity stake in the Exchange joining a number of other leading global financial institutions and energy trading firms.
Two big rigs collide on Interstate 80 causing a two hour back up around the Crystal Springs area.
An Ossett student was left for dead by the hit and run driver who carried her for 20m on the bonnet of a car.
A Rahat resident has been arrested on suspicion of killing his sister, according to a report on Israel Radio Wednesday.
Indian commodity exchanges will start sugar futures from Monday, the regulator said, initially launching six contracts as the country revives exports and the government looks for ways to moderate food price inflation.
Ferrari and all other teams from the Formula One Teams Association on Friday submitted conditional entries for the 2010 Formula One championships.
Chancellor George Osborne may delay any more fuel cost rises when he delivers his autumn statement on Tuesday as drivers brace themselves for a petrol rise in the new year.
One in seven patients wait longer than six months to be admitted to hospital for operations, as critics warned that the Coalition is losing control of NHS waiting times.
Two more new private airlines are emerging in Myanmar to add to both domestic and international flights, local media reported Thursday.
Local school officials approve more changes as they continue to battle with budget cuts.
Palm Beach County's inspector general has launched a wide-ranging audit of a multi-city police radio system, after disputes among city officials and technical advisers over whether the radios will put officers' lives in jeopardy.
George Michael has been released from prison today, after serving a month of his eight-week sentence.
Rapper Kanye West has offered another apology to Taylor Swift for ruining her acceptance speech at last year's MTV Video Music Awards - he's written a song especially for her.
A propane tanker is no longer stuck on a wooden bridge over a canal along the east side of State Road 441, south of Lake Worth Road.
The victim of a deadly shooting in west Louisville has been identified by the Jefferson County Coroner.
Even as the Union Cabinet on Thursday recommended revocation of governor's rule in Jharkhand clearing the decks for government formation in the state, BJP leader Arjun Munda still has some anxious moments before he takes oath as President Pratibha Patil had to leave the country for her 10-day foreign visit without signing on the dotted line.
Jeffco Public Schools, the largest district in Colorado, has selected LoudCloud Systems to provide an instructional improvement system to help collect and analyze data to improve teacher-student engagement.
LA County Supervisor Don Knabe hit the campaign trail Thursday, speaking to supporters in the Hacienda Heights backyard of Charles and Martha House.
Kroger workers voted to accept a new contract offered by the grocery store chain on Sunday, according to a news release.
Colombian hydrocarbons regulator ANH is expecting to license around 40-50 blocks in the upcoming 2010 open round for new E&P blocks across the country...
Eastman Kodak Co. said today that it will stop making digital cameras, pocket video cameras and digital picture frames, marking the end of an era for the company that brought photography to the masses more than a century ago.
This is a look into the future, where Zlatan the gaffer is giving a halftime team talk to his squad after falling behind 3-0.
Mahindra & Mahindra , India's largest utility vehicles maker, is facing engine capacity constraints for some vehicles, its automotive president said on Tuesday.
David Cameron set out the Government's strategy for economic growth today with a promise to ''transform our economy'' and make the coming decade the most entrepreneurial and dynamic in Britain's history.
Customs department in the south-west Namibe province, in co-ordination with Santa Clara custom delegation will hold on Tuesday the second auction of goods in the southern Cunene province.
Google appears to be testing yet another redesign of its search engine, incorporating a new stylish colour scheme but also moving website links to a new position, underneath the title.
Sherlyn Chopra was evicted out of the Bigg Boss house on Saturday.
Social activist Anna Hazare on Wednesday said that he will re-launch his agitation in Delhi if the government fails to bring a strong Lokpal law before 2014 and he will then focus on getting 'Right to Reject' for the people.
Writer Albanians on Sunday started voting in parliamentary elections seen as a key test of the country's political maturity as it eyes European Union membership.
Former skipper Imran Khan should take over Pakistan cricket team to save it from the crisis arising out of the 'spot-fixing' scandal, India's World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev said.
SENATOR Edward Kennedy, patriarch of a Democratic political dynasty, is to return home after surgery for brain cancer, his office said today.
- Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain on early Thursday morning visited the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe before meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon at the end of his three-day Latin America visit aimed at promoting free trade.
Recent press reports of a strain in her relationship with her 'Rendition' co-star Jake Gyllenhaal notwithstanding, Reese Witherspoon says Jake is ``very supportive.''
Berlin, Nov 27 German inflation dropped sharply in November to 1.5 percent, the country's statistics office said Wednesday, as falling oil prices and a slowdown in economic growth helped to ease inflationary pressures in Europe's biggest economy.
Selangor wrestled the Super League top spot with a slim 1-0 win over Perak in a top of the table clash at the Shah Alam Stadium here Saturday night.
Jammu, Apr 5 West Pakistani refugees seeking citizenship today clashed with police in the city after being prevented from marching to the state Assembly, leaving 12 of them injured.
Namibians are preparing to go to the polls on Friday and Saturday for presidential and parliamentary elections.
Former Diff'rent Strokes star Gary Coleman has been cremated in private in Utah, nearly three weeks after he died of a brain haemorrhage.
After visiting Jaipur blast victims, Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil today said that India will fight against terror at all costs and thwart the designs of terrorists to disturb peace and communal harmony in the country.
Detroit Lions rookie running back Mikel Leshoure suffered a torn Achilles tendon at practice Monday morning and will be sidelined the rest of the season, according to coach Jim Schwartz.
Cuban President Raul Castro shuffled the top levels of the Cuban government on Monday, ousting such some of the country's best known leaders, including foreign minister Felipe Perez Roque and Carlos Lage, a vice president who many considered an economic reformer.
AARNet is moving to set up an IPv6 project group to ensure that member institutions are able to make use of IPv6 services, and to generally promote awareness and uptake of IPv6 in the AARNet community.
The Coca-Cola Co. said it was dropping its membership in a conservative national advocacy group that supports ``Stand Your Ground'' laws like the one being used as a defense in the Florida killing of an unarmed black teenager.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan Sunday, including two who died when their helicopter crashed in the east, the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force said.
A man was robbed at gunpoint at an apartment building in the 2200 block of Lake Victoria Drive Monday.
Christina Aguilera posed nude for an album cover and released the teaser photo via her twitter account.
Harley-Davidson Inc. announced Tuesday it plans to open an assembly plant in India in the first half of 2011.
New Mexico lawmakers fretting about state finances gave Democratic Gov. Bill Richardson a fraction of what he wanted for tax relief and health care but a big chunk of highway funding before adjourning a special legislative session.
NEW DELHI - India is increasing safety features at all of its nuclear power plants to try to prevent a crisis like Japan's caused by seismic activity or an extended power loss, a government official said Thursday.
OAK Racing, and its newly-named constructor department Onroak Automotive, have unveiled a new LMP2 chassis designed for privateer teams in the World Endurance Challenge, American Le Mans Series, and European Le Mans Series.
MTN Swaziland has partnered with MTV Base for season two of the series, 'MTV Base MEETS with MTN.
``American Idol'' judge Jennifer Lopez appeared on Ryan Seacrest's radio show Thursday to talk about her emotional reaction Wednesday night to having to let Chris Medina go, despite his incredible backstory of strength and adversity.
Rapper Dj Paul was arrested in New York on Sunday night for allegedly possessing a weapon.
A cement plant in Thomaston has been cited by the US Department of Labor for 63 safety violations.
Indexes refused to change colors during yesterday's session, the Pari Daily informs.
MetalBiz reported that Mexico imposed special tariffs on some steel products from China and United Kingdom on January 5th 2010 in a bid to protect domestic producers.
A Seminole County jury has awarded $13.3 million to an Altamonte Springs family whose mother died when a pain patch failed, flooding her system with too much medicine.
Stephen Webster, the London-based designer regarded as the celebrities' favourite jeweller, has been named as the new creative director of the world's oldest jewellery house, Garrard.
Hollywood star Courtney Cox has said she is ``too shy'' to start dating again after separating from husband David Arquette recently.
All Mansfield municipal park pavilions will be closed for the winter, starting in early November.
China conglomerate Citic Pacific is to sell its 50% stake in Chinese cable TV business Citic Guoan to its state-owned parent Citic Group for CNY3.51 billion, as the company streamlines its operations to focus on commodities and mainland property development.
Greek Foreign Minister Dora Bakoyannis, who has been admitted to a hospital earlier Friday with symptoms of bronchopneumonia, is not infected by A type flu.
Oregon could be without three defensive starters against UCLA on Thursday after tackle Zac Clark, end Terrell Turner and cornerback Anthony Gildon didn't practice on Tuesday.
A 59-year-old man who was seriously burned while sleeping inside the downtown Fairbanks post office on New Year's Day has died.
Australian bonds opened little changed after a quiet night of trade, as investors await a definitive economic lead from domestic employment data on Thursday.
What's in a name, inquired the Immortal Bard, speaking through Ms. Capulet.
A 77-year-old New Orleans doctor has been indicted on charges of health care fraud.
The Peoples Choice Awards nominations have been announced, and Harry Potter and Glee top the list of most nods.
Kareena Kapoor completed her 40th film with the release of her family drama flick, 'We Are Family' today.
Singapore Airlines announced special holiday fares including taxes and surcharges to the city state as well as low fares for destinations in the US, China and Australia but the bookings have to be done in seven days.
RESIDENTS will carry out their own traffic survey in an effort to persuade the council to install CCTV on their road.
Black Stars defender John Boye was sent off in Stade Rennes 4-1 defeat at Valenciennes in the French Ligue 1 on Saturday.
In Friday's Rockies Notes column, I briefly mentioned that Josh Rutledge moved to second base for Thursday's game and will remain there for the rest of the season.
Deputy Prime Minister Verica Kalanovic will visit Ada and Senta on 8 April.
Justin Bieber was mocked by chat show host David Letterman last night for not knowing what the Sistine Chapel is.
Water was released from Papanasam dam, one of the three major reservoirs of the district, for 'kar' paddy cultivation on Thursday, following copious monsoon rains in the Western Ghats and consequent inflow of water into all eleven dams in the district.
Brent Sutter has resigned as the coach of the New Jersey Devils after just two seasons.
India Monday successfully test fired its indigenously developed Astra air-to-air interceptor missile from a defence base in Odisha for the third time within a week, an official said.
Initial jobless claims rose last week but stayed below their late June level, the Labor Department said Thursday.
Air pollution in Iran leaves 4460 dead Updated: 08:03, Tuesday January 8, 2013 Air pollution in Tehran has left 4460 people dead in a year, an Iranian health official says in reports, with another sounding the alarm over a high dose of carcinogens in domestically made petrol.
British reggae singer Smiley Culture died after stabbing himself in the heart, an inquiry has heard.
Attorney General Lisa Madigan is pushing back against the governor's call for deeper budget cuts, saying her office's ability to generate money for taxpayers is already being threatened by low pay and low morale that make it hard to retain her top lawyers.
Kolkata West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today said the 15-year-old Darjeeling issue was ``settled'' but the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha was mum on whether there was any decision on its original demand for a Gorkhaland state.
The United States carried out its first drone strike in Libya on Saturday, the Pentagon said, two days after approving the use of pilotless aircraft to aid rebels fighting Moamer Kadhafi's forces.
World football body FIFA said it will release 150,000 more World Cup tickets - including seats at the opening and final matches - for next month's tournament in South Africa.
Mexican authorities have seized over 7.5 tonnes of cocaine found aboard two speed boats travelling off the Pacific coast en route to the US, Mexico's Navy said on Tuesday.
Hockey legend Mario Lemieux and Rene Angelil, the husband and manager of pop icon Celine Dion, were inducted Wednesday into the Order of Quebec.
Iontas revealed today that a major US bank has successfully deployed 55,000 seats of Iontas' Focus software suite as part of a Six Sigma initiative to streamline front-office operations.
October is the official fire prevention month, and the fire departments in the area are hosting events throughout the entire month to raise awareness and educate the community about fire safety.
IRISH pop group ``Westlife'' will visit Manila this September for a one-night concert at the Araneta Coliseum.
Baltimore County police on Monday released a forensic sketch of an unidentified man found dead in Back River in September 2011.
The US Federal Reserve slashed a key interest rate by three-quarters of a point Tuesday, capping its most aggressive two months of action in a quarter-century in a battle to halt a spreading credit crisis.
The global manufacturing industry must act now to protect and prepare their supply chain matrix against a ticking timebomb of financial instability, a report from PwC has claimed.
Talkshow queen Oprah Winfrey has flown out of Sydney to Fiji to spend a week chilling out.
Sports Illustrated reports that Oregon running back LeGarrette Blount was reinstated today.
A former Albany police officer has been sentenced to one year in jail after being convicted of criminal mischief.
A letter that describes how famous Scottish explorer David Livingstone killed and ate an elephant during an African expedition has fetched 28,800 pounds at a London auction.
Four men have appeared in court charged with the abduction and murder of a financial advisor who has been missing for more than six months.
In a recent interview Snoop Dogg opened up on the Death Row days, including Suge Knight's ways of business.
For the second consecutive day, Lake Shore Boulevard is closed between Jarvis and Parliament streets for a ``Total Recall'' film shoot.
European integration has been and remains an indisputable priority for Ukraine, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych said at a meeting with US politicians and businessmen in New York on Thursday under the auspices of the Atlantic Council of the United States.
A Twin Cities couple is charged with prostituting a runaway Iowa teen with a developmental disorder.
Kim Kardashian filed for divorce from basketballer Kris Humphries after only 10 weeks of marriage.
Verizon Business, a unit of Verizon Communications and a global player in communications and IT solutions, is opening a second data center in Hong Kong.
Nakheel, a Dubai World company and one of the world's largest and most innovative real estate developers, has announced the launch of Veneto -- the most exclusive residential district in Waterfront.
Weather may be a factor in today's presidential primary turnout, particularly in north Alabama, with tornadoes spawned by a severe weather front are a possibility west of Interstate 65.
Pollack died on Monday afternoon at his home in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles surrounded by friends and family.
Columbus Fire & EMS will hold in October a series of open houses at fire stations across the city.
Katie Holmes based her decision to divorce ``Rock of Ages'' star husband Tom Cruise on her fear that he would ship Suri away to Scientology Organization.
Heavy lake effect snows continue to hit areas north of Syracuse hard this morning.
Male and female babies respond differently to stress even when in the womb and accordingly adjust their growth patterns.
Chile's first lady, Cecilia Morel, is on a state visit to Rapa Nui, also known as Easter Island, in which she is promoting the reforestation of 40,000 native trees, offering computers to the island's two biggest schools, and announcing the removal of half a ton of electronic waste from the island.
President Barack Obama has arrived in New Mexico as he continues to meet with families about rebuilding the economy.
Finland's Laura Lepistö won the Women's European Figure Skating Championship in Helsinki on Saturday, just head of Italian Carolina Kostner.
The Indian market is likely to open lower on Thursday, tracking weak global cues and higher oil prices.
This is the moment the Japanese tsunami destroyed a sea wall designed to protect the Fukushima nuclear plant and surged towards reactors.
Cuban defector Dayan Viciedo will work out Thursday for interested clubs, according to mlb.com.
American cyclist Kristin Armstrong won the women's Olympic time trial on Wednesday, beating Britain's Emma Pooley who took home the silver.
A Kayapo boy gets a bath on the first day of a visit by the ``Expedicionarios da Saude'', in the Kikretum community in Sao Felix, northern Brazil, April 22, 2011.
The Toronto Raptors announced Monday they have signed restricted free-agent guard Jarrett Jack to an offer sheet.
Defence White Paper to be released Updated: 07:43, Friday May 3, 2013 Defence Minister Stephen Smith has vowed the federal government will not allow a gap to develop in Australia's air combat capability, ahead of the release of a new Defence White Paper.
Actor Jack Scalia was arrested at LAX Thursday afternoon for attempting to board a plane with a gun, according to TMZ.
2tor Inc., a New York provider of online degree programs, has raised $22 million in Series B funding.
Morgan Stanley is set to sell its Indian private bank after just four years of trying to make its mark on the country's wealth management market, Reuters reports, citing unnamed sources close to the matter.
Kiva Systems, a Woburn company that develops robots designed to automate warehouse operations, said in a press release that Boston Scientific Corp., will use Kiva robots in two distribution centers, one in New England, the other in the Netherlands.
A 21-year-old man was robbed early Sunday on the Riverwalk in Columbus, police said.
The Speaker of Parliament, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi will be retiring from politics after 26 years of service.
Thomas Cook has introduced travel holiday money comparison boards so that customers can see how much foreign currency costs to buy from them compared with other high street providers.
London, Mar 17 Charlie's Angel star Cameron Diaz is looking forward to working with her ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake in their new movie together -- 'Bad Teacher'.
Three decades after playing Laurie Holden in the iconic Australian film The Club, Jack Thompson reprises his role as coach in Blinder, a movie being shot in Torquay.
Richard Dawkins, famous atheist, known for his work on Darwin's theory of evolution has upset the Bishops by suggesting only about a half of British citizen say they are Christians and of those most don't believe most of it anyway and only go to Church for marriages and funerals.
Foreign Secretary William Hague called for restraint in crisis-hit Ivory Coast as a charity said many of those fleeing the violence were children.
German authorities on Tuesday mounted raids against Islamic extremist groups suspected of seeking to overthrow the government and establish a religious state, the Interior Ministry said.
Police have released the identity of a man found burned in a truck in Jessamine County.
Usa star Steven Cherundolo has confirmed that he has agreed a new two-year deal with Hannover.
Russian opera singer Galina Vishnevskaya, the widow of legendary cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, was buried on Friday alongside her husband in Moscow's Novodevichy cemetery, the RIA Novosti state news agency said.
Music director Sejo John, who has composed music for 'Mummy & Me and My Boss', has turned lyricist.
Luke Dean has returned to Harrogate Town, with his first match this evening against local rivals Guiseley AFC.
The House of Representatives today voted to censure Rep. Charles B. Rangel, DN.Y., the first such rebuke for a sitting lawmaker in 27 years.
A convicted killer will be sentenced on Monday, June 15 to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Waitrose is launching its first YouTube channel as it looks to increase online brand engagement with customers.
Two local men were killed early Saturday morning in separate traffic crashes, one of which involved a suspected drunken driver who now faces a manslaughter charge.
Investigators say a 20-year-old Rock Hill man confessed to a four-month crime spree where he robbed seven stores and shot four people.
The capitalization of the Russian stock market, based on Russian Trading System trading, decreases 0.08%, or by $1.116 billion from the previous session, to $1339.63 billion on Thursday.
Former MSP Tommy Sheridan ``panicked'' when he was recognised by a Glasgow couple at a sex club, a court has heard.
A Winn Dixie in Hillsborough County sold the $50 million winning Lotto ticket in Wednesday's drawing.
The US is not seeking regime change in North Korea but believes a change in the North's behavior is a prerequisite for any improvement in bilateral relations, the special representative for North Korea policy, Stephen Bosworth, said on Tuesday.
REUTERS/Toby Melville Tom Cruise has defended his role as Jack Reacher in the first of what could be a new action movie franchise, despite being much slimmer and shorter than the character created by author Lee Child in the original books.
A spokesperson for the club said: ``Wales international Gavin Henson has signed a contract at Toulon as a 'medical wildcard' for Clement Marienval.''
When it occurs in people age 60 and older, there's a good possibility bloody diarrhoea indicates ischaemic colitis.
Authorities said a New York man who fell onto train tracks at a New Jersey transit station escaped injury when a train rolled over him.
In Australia, a large bush fire is burning out of control in Karnup, south of Perth.
New Moon had its world premiere in Los Angeles last night with all the stars hitting the glamourous red carpet.
``Why did you take my family away from me?''
IN A surprise move, Iran invited all 15 UN Security Council members to dinner in New York in what will be one of the highest-level US-Iran contacts since the 1979 Islamic Revolution.
Japan on Saturday took unprecedented measures deploying Aegis guided-missile destroyers and bringing to the frontlines patriot and sea launched SM-3 missiles to intercept North Korean rocket, if it falls on its territory.
Kevin Pietersen struck an 88-ball century on the final day of the fifth and final Test against West Indies on Tuesday as England sought an unlikely victory to tie the series.
A St. Louis officer accidentally shot and killed an apartment resident while responding to a burglary call on Monday night.
Graham Taylor, now a Daily Express columnist, was stunned by the practices at the organisation when he joined the FIFA Technical Committee during his time in charge of the England team.
Dubai-based Mashreq Bank said it has reached a major Emiratisation milestone through 100 per cent recruitment of Emirati branch managers across its branch network in the country.
US Sen. Jim Inhofe, who believes his seniority on two major committees helped give him another election victory, said Thursday he could run again in 2014 if he remains in good health.
Turkish lender Vakifbank will open a branch in the Iraqi city of Irbil by the end of the year.
Director Kodi Ramakrishna was hospitalised on Friday after he complained of chest pain.
Veteran quarterback Brett Favre told ESPN on Friday that he needs surgery on his left ankle in order to play this season for the Minnesota Vikings.
The prohibition to live in Egypt is mentioned three times in the Torah.
IDF held its annual combat championship for commanders at the Wingate Institute.
Tom Cruise and katie Holmes are getting a divorce, according to her lawyer, who didn't say whether papers have been filed.
Lindsay Lohan has been sentenced to 90 days in jail.
The Border Patrol plans to host another community forum next week, continuing a series of new outreach events aimed at taking the dramatic stories of the agency's patrols, arrests, drug busts and rescues right to the public being served.
A rhinoceros was found dead at the Narayani River bank at Seri, the border of Chitwan and Nawalparasi districts.
A new study has revealed that homes with gas stoves have nitrous dioxide levels three times higher than busy highways.
BRISBANE residents are being asked to have their say on proposed amendments to protected tree laws after the draft changes cleared tonight's Brisbane City Council meeting.
Malappuram, Sep 26 About 600,000 Muslims will take a pledge against terrorism Friday night at an annual prayer meet here, an organiser said.
Rahul Mohindar of Viratechindia is of the view that sugar stocks look good on long term perspective.
Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Mohammad Saeed is the subject of an investigation by Pakistani authorities but he will not be arrested till there is evidence against him, Interior Minister Rehman Malik said on Wednesday.
Former President Bill Clinton is coming to Scranton.
CONCORD, NH - Gas prices in New Hampshire continue to fall, down another nickel in the past week to an average of $3.46 per gallon.
Sunday Star Times Kiwi music icon Chris Knox, pictured here singing in 2008, may not walk again after suffering a stroke three days ago.
AOL will buy Bebo, a social networking site popular in the UK, for US$850 million in cash, the companies have said.
``It is clear that violence is increasing in many parts of Syria,'' General Babacar Gaye, head of the UN Supervision Mission in Syria, told journalists in Damascus.
Swedish fashion giant H&M will open in Westfield Stratford City in the autumn and the store will be the second in the UK to stock its homeware collection.
Chronic pain in children and headaches in children are more common than you would think according to a study that appears in the December issue of the journal Pain.
US scientists said Tuesday that their study of a set of medieval bones found in Albania has revealed traces of a modern infectious disease that afflicts people who eat unpasteurized dairy products reports AFP.
Jordan Schafer returned to the lineup Sunday night, just 48 hours after he thought he was seriously injured after fouling a bunt attempt off his face.
Oil prices slumped to just above 46 dollars here on Tuesday, reaching the lowest point in almost four years, as global energy demand weakened amid a widespread economic slowdown.
For the third consecutive year, Citizens Bank is collecting new school supplies for low-income children in Massachusetts.
OPEC member Venezuela agreed Friday to sell Spain 10,000 barrels of oil per day at $100 a barrel in exchange for medicine and other goods, a Spanish government source told AFP.
British manufacturers reported some of the weakest conditions ever in January when they cut jobs at a record pace, monthly purchasing managers index data showed on Monday.
Rafa Benitez will consider legal action against Neil Warnock after comments made by the Crystal Palace manager regarding Benitez's team selection.
``I don't want to keep wicket, I want to bat at number four for my country and take the responsibility of scoring hundreds,'' De Villiers, who kept wicket at the start of his Test career, said on Tuesday.
by Teresa Blackman & Frank Mungeam A hiker fell about 200 feet to his death Sunday afternoon on a mountain east of Seaside, investigators said.
Deputy Premier Paula Cox is to open a new reinsurance conference designed to improve understanding of Bermuda's reinsurance market globally.
Russia could consider agreeing to new sanction against Iran if the international diplomatic efforts failed to settle the issue of Iran's nuclear programme on condition that the sanctions should not target Iranian civilians, China's Xinhua reported the visiting President as saying here Monday.
A month after an inmate was stabbed to death and five others were injured, the US Penitentiary at Hazelton in Preston County remains on 24-hour lockdown.
Tan Sri Dr Koh Tsu Koon says Malaysia is expected to see phenomenal growth in Taiwanese investments this year.
It has been reported that PetroSA will invest R80 million toward the construction of a 200m3/hr desalination plant to alleviate the impact of drought in Mossel Bay and its surrounds.
Just days after word broke that a Penguin/Random House merger was a possibility, it's nearly a done deal.
Chief Minister Datuk Seri Musa Haji Aman attests that the good relationship between the state and the federal governments is key towards the many benefits that Sabah enjoys.
Alfa Aesar, a Johnson Matthey Company, has launched digital versions of all catalogs and brochures.
LOUISVILLE, Colo. ― Democratic gubernatorial candidate John Hickenlooper has hit the road on a bus tour to court votes during the final 11 days of the campaign.
Colombian and US officials have seized more than four tonnes of cocaine and captured nine drug traffickers from a vessel in the international waters near this Andean nation, officials said.
Virginia has revamped its vacation website to make it easier for travelers to plan trips to the commonwealth.
Yao Ming and the Rockets finally won a Game 4 of a playoff series by beating the Blazers 89-88 on Saturday, giving Houston a 3-1 lead in their best-of-seven series.
The Israeli navy intercepted a ship carrying foreign peace activists trying to break a blockade of Gaza and forced it to sail to an Israeli port, the military said.
Armenians residing in Arak, capital of Markazi Province, by issuing a statement, felicitated the 29th anniversary of Islamic revolution victory to the supreme leader, president, officials and the nation.
South Africa beat India by 11 runs via the Duckworth Lewis Method in the rain-marred one-off Twenty20 international at the Wanderers here Friday.
Hornell police are investigating a suspicious death after a body was discovered Thursday in a Cottage Avenue residence.
More than 11,000 volunteers, including those from Mason County, removed more than 200 tons of litter and debris from the state's landscape during two spring cleanup programs, which were sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.
Danish cycling team Saxo Bank, home of reigning world time-trial champion Fabian Cancellara, will lose its primary sponsor at the end of the season.
An engine door panel fell off a Flybe passenger plane and damaged a wing as it was taking off from Southampton Airport, a new accident report has revealed.
Two cases of influenza have been confirmed in Tulsa County, prompting health officials to emphasize the need for residents to get the flu shot.
A toddler was hit by a car in Knoxville Friday, and the driver may face charges.
Authorities say an Azusa police officer has shot and wounded a suspected car thief after the man tried to grab the officer's gun.
Wallaby halfback Will Genia says the buck for poor performances stops with the players.
Cox and Kings, the 250-year-old travel company, scores another first by introducing Ireland to the escorted group market.
Two Topekans, a father and young son, were killed Tuesday night in a skid loader accident six miles east of Meriden in Jefferson County, authorities said Wednesday.
Marussia will be running KERS on its car for the first time for the 2013 season.
China's ZTE Corporation on Thursday announced that it would make a foray into the smart grid solutions market in India by launching a range of end-to-end solutions for the power sector.
CBS LOCAL DIGITAL MEDIA launched a new app that people can add to their FACEBOOK timeline to share news, traffic and weather with their friends and learn more about the day's headlines and what's happening locally or in other major markets across the country.
Anti-Semitic attacks have doubled in the UK over the first half of this year, according to new figures out today.
Susquehanna lowers their price target on Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. from $10 to $8, reflecting a more challenging outlook for Biloxi and Pompano Park than previously estimated.
LONDON - The dollar slumped against other currencies after the Federal Reserve cut interest rates by 75 basis points in order to avoid a recession in the US.
Thieves struck an Airway Heights neighborhood this weekend hitting several homes including a widow whose most prized possessions were taken including her wedding ring.
State-owned Hindustan Petroleum Corp on Thursday suspended jet fuel sales to Kingfisher Airlines after the private airline failed to pay up for its fuel purchases.
Armenian lobby stands for anti-Azerbaijan propaganda against the background of the Eurovision song contest, said speaker of the Azerbaijani Parliament Ogtay Asadov at the meeting of the parliament.
Social networking may be promoting alcohol use among young people in so subtle a manner that users are not even aware of it.
A SPACESHIP bankrolled by British tycoon Sir Richard Branson has made its first powered flight in a test which moves Virgin Galactic toward its goal of flying into space later this year.
Indiana Jones star Shia LaBeouf says he's lucky to be alive following a car accident in July.
Mountain View career networking website LinkedIn opened its Asian headquarters in Singapore on Tuesday, part of a plan to tap the region's large pool of professionals.
Russia warned Georgia on Thursday against detention of its peacekeepers, saying the self-possession of Russian peacekeepers is not limitless and any further detention could end in bloodshed.
Federal Signal Corporation's Safety and Security Systems Group, a leader in advancing security and well-being, announced today that Fayetteville State University in Fayetteville, North Carolina , has deployed a comprehensive Federal Signal campus safety and security system to alert students, faculty and staff in the event of unsafe weather or dangerous campus conditions.
MEMBERS of Al Khor Community held a charity bazaar to raise funds for Gaza.
Walter Energy Inc. confirmed plans Tuesday to develop a new underground coal mine in Tuscaloosa County.
Homestead won the sectional with a team score of 348.
The game between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Chicago Cubs was delayed for 18 minutes in top of the fourth inning after the lights went out at Wrigley Field.
A convict, serving 10 years' imprisonment for abducting a minor girl, escaped from Lucknow district jail where he was brought for trial, police said here today.
``We are not accustomed to being behind in the series,'' Ponting said after the match to make his anguish over the loss clear.
Taiwan share prices closed up 0.57 percent yesterday as buying rotated to the high-tech sector after its recent consolidation, boosting the index to a 30-month high, dealers said.
Louisiana State University at Alexandria has partnered with Banker's Academy to provide bank training programs -- hosted and maintained by Edcomm Banker's Academy's Learning Management System, Learning Link®.
Boeing of Mesa which is an East Valley anchor industry that plays a vital role in bolstering the security of the United States is celebrating its 30th anniversary today.
Business news agency PRIME will be editorially independent from RIA Novosti, Svetlana Mironyuk, Editor-in-Chief of RIA Novosti, said at the Thursday briefing on PRIME's re-launch held during the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum.
A child playing with matches started a fire in an upstairs bedroom of the family's home in the Cimarron Hills area.
Arsenal will be without defender Thomas Vermaelen for their first two Champions League games after he underwent minor surgery on his ankle.
Peter Mandelson took his seat in the House of Lords following his appointment as Business Secretary in Gordon Brown's cabinet.
Zhejiang Narada Hospitality Service Company Limited has signed agreements for two three-star hotels in Yiwu, Zhejiang.
Yuan appreciation expectations rebounded in January to their strongest point since mid-September and remain near a four-month high, even as spot yuan softened slightly.
Credit Suisse suspended a small number of traders in connection with its $2.85 billion writedowns, its chief executive said on Tuesday.
WORKERS at Grantham factory Fenland Foods have accepted a redundancy package worth £1m more than the statutory package first offered.
China Unicom Ltd, the nation's second-largest telecom operator by subscriber, saw net profits surge 89 percent year-on-year to 1.9 billion yuan in the first quarter, thanks to the company's burgeoning third-generation, or 3G, network business.
13 hours ago The New England Patriots have activated defensive lineman Jermaine Cunningham to the 53-man roster and signed wide receiver Kamar Aiken and defensive back Malcolm Williams from the practice squad.
Telstra today launched an ``external research and development program'' that offered technical assistance, network access and facilities to five selected innovators.
Shakira, the highest-selling Colombian recording artist of all time and a two-time Grammy winner, will receive the 2,454th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame today.
Brad Gushue will play Ontario's Glenn Howard tonight for a chance to play in the final of the Canadian men's curling championship.
Two Canadian scientists whose discovery of stem cells has paved the way for controversial research could be candidates for the 2009 Nobel Prize in medicine, the winners of which will be announced today.
Tennis star Leander Paes has written a letter to the All India Tennis Association, threatening to pull out of the 2012 Olympics if paired with a junior player for the men's doubles event.
In a surprise move, VVS Laxman, one of India's most sylish batsmen, announced his retirement from international cricket with ``immediate effect'', bringing the curtains down on an illustrious 16-year career.
ISLAMABAD on Friday said the US diplomat, who had pointed gun at a Pakistani cop two days back, could be deported after declaring him persona non grata.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.86 cents US this morning, up 0.37 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
Multiple media outlets are reporting that Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield is retiring after 17 years with the team.
India bowled out New Zealand in their first innings for 159 at lunch on the third day of the first cricket Test match taking a lead of 279 runs at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, Uppal, here Saturday morning.
McPherson police say a Tabor College football player died Saturday night as a result of injuries sustained during an appartent altercation.
A Holland America cruise ship violated its wastewater discharge permit in May, June and July, according to state regulators.
President Obama has nominated veteran federal prosecutor William Hochul as the new US attorney for western New York.
A woman who demanded help with carving a turkey and another who suffered cuts after climbing on to a photocopier, are just two of the ludicrous cases that staff have faced at Christmas, according to the NHS.
A woman raped at gunpoint in front of her children in a Stamford hotel parking garage has filed a lawsuit accusing the hotel of failing to prevent the 2006 attack.
RCMP say an 18-year-old woman was sexually assaulted Sunday in Cole Harbour.RCMP say an 18-year-old woman was sexually assaulted Sunday in Cole Harbour.
February 16th, 2011 at 10:14 pm Kimberly Peirce has signed on to direct The Knife, a drama inspired by the true story of a South Central gang member who volunteered to be an informant for the FBI.
Serena Williams tweeted on Tuesday she's back on court training after a series of health problems that included dangerous blood clots in her lung.
Snow Patrol have posted a video for their latest single, ``Called Out in the Dark,'' which will be released as a single track and as part of an upcoming EP September 4.
WASHINGTON Conservative activist Paul Weyrich, who coined the phrase ``moral majority,'' has died.
Rugby spread betting fans know that since his appointment in 2008, Howley become a vital member of Warren Gatland's backroom staff and will now stay until 2016 with the Welsh Rugby Union .
A new remembrance memorial dedicated to veterans and soldiers in Shropshire is due to be unveiled at a special ceremony.
A former Bridgeton police officer pleaded guilty to charges of taking a $5,000 bride and obstructing a federal law enforcement investigation.
Industrial output stagnated in June and the trade-in-goods deficit worsened, official data showed on Tuesday, further clouding the economic outlook amid plunging stock markets.
The White House is preparing its own health care bill as Congress is struggling to reach an bipartisan agreement on the policy reform, said a report on Friday.
Additional commissioner of police M. Shakeel Akthar on Monday said 27 temporary checkposts have been erected in view of the Assembly elections on April 13.
Smitherman, who announced officially yesterday that he was resigning his cabinet position to run for mayor next year, said it's ``bad news'' for Toronto taxpayers when politicians focus on revenue generation when trying to balance the books.
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan says he had ``huge attachment'' to Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi who died Thursday, and remembers the Indian cricket legend as a ``friend's friend''.
MTA chairman resigns to explore NYC mayoral bid Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota said Wednesday that he is resigning his post to explore running for mayor, a move that comes after he was hailed for getting the nation's biggest mass transit system back on track after Superstorm Sandy.
Actress Emma Stone is in talks to make her Broadway debut in an upcoming stage production of Cabaret.
In response to media enquiries on the ``US Trafficking in Persons Report 2009'', a Government spokesman said today that Hong Kong attaches great importance to combating human trafficking.
The Red Raiders topped #20 Kansas State 13-4 behind a big 7 run 2nd inning to top the Wildcats for the 2nd straight day at Dan Law Field.
A 37-year-old Minnesota man pleaded guilty Tuesday in federal court to charges of running a $190 million Ponzi scheme.
Cheryl Cole has hired Will.I.Am as her manager to help her break America, according to reports.
By KARE 11 Staff Writer St. Paul Police officers shot and killed an armed man inside a Super 8 Hotel Monday night, a police spokesman said.
Islamabad, Feb 28 Pakistan and India have swapped more than 3,000 prisoners since 2003, Pakistan Foreign Office said Wednesday.
The Maldives Inland Revenue Authority has stated that it has no authority to relieve taxes.
Wind gusts that came through northern Utah late Tuesday morning caused traffic delays as well as knocked out power in areas throughout the Wasatch Front.
Jane Lynch has explained that she's always struggled to accept success in both her personal and professional lives.
Tiger Woods will speak to the media Friday for the first time since revelations about his infidelity, his agent says.
Nikki Araguz, the transsexual widow from Wharton who's fighting to receive death benefits from her late husband, faces a felony theft charge for allegedly stealing a Rolex watch valued at $2,850 in February.
Hamid Ansari has been elected as Indian Vice President for the second term, reported India's NDTV.
Despite featuring Reznor's wife Mariqueen Maandig on vocals and unclear musical contributions from longtime Nine Inch Nails graphic artist Rob Sheridan, How to destroy angels-- feels and sounds like an obvious extension of Reznor's ongoing work with Atticus Ross rather than a truly collaborative ``band'' effort... for better or worse.
Villanova basketball legend Wali Jones will be inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame in ceremonies at the Sheraton Society Hill on Nov. 8.
Former West Virginia University star quarterback Major Harris was one of just 16 players picked for this year's College Football Hall of Fame from a ballot of 76 candidates.
LA Weekly will be presenting LA 101 at Gibson Amphitheatre on Sunday, November 7th.
Heels do make women look beautiful and confident and that might be the reason that a number of them step into heels by making themselves pass through a bit of pain.
Libya has resumed oil production for the first time since the civil war, tapping 15 wells and producing some 31,900 barrels per day, Italian energy giant Eni said Monday.
Two sexual abuse lawsuits, one involving a former Kansas City area Catholic priest and another filed against a church in western Missouri, have been settled.
AROUND ten tonnes of scrap metal were destroyed by fire yesterday during an incident in Chard.
Health experts have warned that diabetes is reaching national crisis level after new research showed one third of families in Ireland have a relative suffering from the disease.
TechCrunch reports that YouTube is preparing to launch a live streaming platform to enable its content partners to stream their video directly to users in real time.
An Elm City woman is charged with Common Law Robbery after authorities say she stole money from a clerk's register.
Carbon rallied strongly overnight on its own volition as other energy markets were relatively subdued with oil slightly down, OMFinancial reports.
Blockbuster has rolled out a new digital media player that offers on-demand movie rentals.
Bahraini clerics staged a protest sit-in on Monday over the recent mass arrests of women and minors by the Khalifa regime.
A California jury on Tuesday December 23, found that a Siemens patent asserted against Seagate's hard disc drives was invalid based on anticipation and obviousness.
An autopsy was completed on Leslie Carter today that revealed ``no visible signs of trauma,'' according to E!.
Namibia comfortably beat Bermuda by 86 runs at the World Cricket League Division 2 in Dubai on Tuesday to remain on course for a place in the final.
Australia's Qantas Airways said today it had canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s and delayed the delivery of a further 15 aircraft due to turbulent market conditions.
It is reported that recently, Meigang's new coke oven heating model formally put into use through 2 months on line debugging.
Matt Giteau insists he has no problem with coach John Mitchell and says he is happy in Perth.
David Bentley says he wants to forget the jeers he received from some England fans after making his debut for his country.
Preston defender Michael Hart has suffered another injury blow after it was revealed he must undergo surgery to solve ankle problem.
The US stocks closed in green as mixed sentiments remain spread within the world's superpower as yesterday the CPI plunged inline with expectations for May by -0.2%, while the labor sector remains on struggling to recover from the crisis as the Initial Jobless Claims for June 12 rose to 472 thousand and the Continuing Claims for June 5 climbed to 4571 thousand.
An Egyptian lawyer whose arrest in April led to a diplomatic spat between Egypt and the kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been charged with drug smuggling and could face the death penalty, his lawyer told Reuters.
Via Rail is getting its cars back on track after a train derailment in Saskatchewan stranded some of its passengers.
Procter & Gamble confirmed Monday that it has agreed to sell its global pharmaceuticals business to Warner Chilcott for an up-front cash payment of $3.1 billion.
Gold and silver prices are gaining in early trading today as the euro hit a two-week high against the US dollar following successful Spanish and French bond auctions.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi is being celebrated today across the country with religious devotion and respect.
Trend Micro Incorporated, a global cloud security leader, today announced a strategic partnership with Facebook to help educate and protect users' digital life against malicious sites and malware.
On April 10, on the Berto-Quintana undercard, Celestino Caballero will be facing Daud Yordan for an interim featherweight title.
San Angelo - Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs, who heads a breakaway Mormon sect, was sentenced to life in prison on Tuesday for sexually assaulting two underage girls he claimed as ``spiritual'' brides.
Controversial boxing superstar Floyd Mayweather will offer a new slant to ``return to the ring'' on Saturday night -- his coach says he will make love to his opponent Victor Ortiz.
Two doses of the quadrivalent HPV vaccine in girls may be as effective as three in young women, say researchers.
Burnley midfielder Kevin McDonald has joined Notts County on loan until the end of the season.
Ambassador of Poland in Pakistan, Dr Andrzej Ananciz has said that trade linkages between Pakistan and Poland would further enhance with coming days, saying both the countries have already specify various sectors for agreements in this regard.
Clemson running back James Davis will be sidelined for the rest of spring practice with a shoulder injury.
Katie Holmes might be starting her own denim line, Star Magazine reports.
Olympic host city London won the International Association of Athletics Federations vote today 16-10 for the 2017 World Championships edging out Doha in the final hour.
Auburn receiver Darvin Adams is skipping his senior season to enter the NFL draft.The school announced the latest departure Monday, following similar decisions by quarterback Cam Newton and defensive tackle Nick Fairley.
University of Colorado students will build a tiny spacecraft to observe particles in space that should give scientists a better understanding of solar flares and their interaction with Earth's atmosphere, according to CU. The university's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics and the aerospace engineering sciences department were awarded a grant of $840,000 over three years from the National Science Foundation for the project.
A Cincinnati Bengals cheerleader who also works as a school teacher in northern Kentucky is suing a gossip Web site for libel over a posting that she says falsely claims she was exposed to two venereal diseases.
Amy Adams, Chris Cooper and Rashida Jones are all in talks to join Jason Segel in the as yet untitled new Muppet film, according to The Hollywood Reporter's Heat Vision blog.
Apple has won a European sales ban against Samsung's Galaxy Tab 7.7, business magazine Wirtschaftswoche reported.
A 21-year-old Adventure Island water park employee died today after an apparent lightning strike, park officials said.
A man turned his mother's cremated ashes into jewellery for all of his family 20 years after she died.
A suicide attack has killed two police officers in southeastern Iran, Iran's satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
A man has died in police custody after allegedly setting himself on fire.
HIGH FUEL prices will pose a downside risk for Asia-Pacific sovereign ratings, according to a recent Standard & Poor's Ratings Services report, even as the situation is expected to have a moderate impact for the Philippines.
With his party bagging five out of 18 seats in Bihar Assembly by-polls, an elated RJD chief Lalu Prasad yesterday said the election results had shown that it was not possible to``finish'' him and he would return to Delhi.
under USA Today Sports Michael Annett has been released from a hospital after undergoing surgery to repair a fractured and dislocated sternum.
iYogi Inc., an India-based provider of remote technical support services, has raised $9.5 million in Series B funding.
The Federal Aviation Administration said it's losing $30 million a day in taxes because Congress let the agency's revenue-raising authority expire.
Pete Wentz has revealed his new band offers him the chance to ``try something different''.
HIBERNIAN manager Pat Fenlon admits that he has worked hard to turn Leigh Griffiths into a player who is not quite so likely to self-destruct.
KIEFER Sutherland has been charged with assault after he surrendered to police amid claims he head-butted a fashion designer in a Manhattan nightclub.
Katie Holmes canceled the first public appearance she was to make since filing for divorce from Tom Cruise.
A GREEN Party councillor is under fire after shooting animals dead in his back yard and posting the gruesome pictures on an online blog.
Konya, Oct 13 India has slammed foreign intervention in any country aimed at disrupting national unity and territorial integrity, saying it stands steadfast to the basic principle of full sovereignty of states.
A former teenage beauty queen has been jailed for a year on a raft of offences, including a ``sham'' marriage to a Chinese man.
Madonna is launching a clothing and accessories line for women and juniors called Material Girl at Macy's, starting Aug. 3.
Chandigarh, Apr 30 Haryana government plans to generate power from biodegradable waste such as kitchen waste, garden waste and horticulture waste.
It was probably inevitable, but on Tuesday, it became official: the Encyclopaedia Britannica is finally going out of print.
Australia said Monday that it would expel an official from the Israeli embassy, after finding that the Jewish state was behind fake Australian passports linked to the killing of a Hamas operative in Dubai.
This is my take on the big picture and how I have been trying to act on it.
Specialty finance company JG Wentworth Inc., of Bryn Mawr, raised $84 million from institutional investors during the 4th quarter, the company said today.
A multi-million-dollar Sydney tobacco syndicate has gone up in smoke after police seized counterfeit cigarettes, loose leaf tobacco and enough hard cash to fill several rooms.
A visually impaired person Modou Saine expresses dislike to receiving alms, saying he prefers to starve rather than beg.
The Indonesian government on Thursday sent humanitarian aid to Myanmar to help victims of Cyclone Nargis.
SafeHaven Humane Society will offer two dog training courses, puppy socialization and obedience level 1, beginning Monday, Nov. 14.
US and Iraqi forces have killed 14 gunmen in battles in eastern Baghdad, the US military said as several weeks of fighting with Shiite militiamen showed no sign of easing.
Justin Bieber has cut his trademark hair and unveiled a new hairdo on Monday.
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner suggested that he sees no reason for the dollar to sink further against the euro and the yen, saying these major currencies are ``roughly in alignment'', the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has warned ethnic tensions could tear Russia apart, saying he would toughen migration rules on reassuming the presidency and keep a tight rein on Russia's regions to prevent it following the Soviet Union into oblivion, APA reports quoting Reuters.
Chicago activated Dayan Viciedo from the disabled list after the left fielder missed three weeks with a strained oblique muscle.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde brushes off talk of 'currency wars'.
Indian Oil Corp, an Indian government -run oil firm, Wednesday won a legal battle against international oil trading company Trafigura, which has been asked to pay 310,000 pounds to the Indian PSU after its claim for USD 10 million damages was dismissed.
In a move expected since the draft and expedited by his arrest a month ago, the Chargers today released strong safety Kevin Ellison.
TOP-TIER firm Allens Arthur Robinson has appointed 12 new partners across Australia and in Vietnam.
Tahera Diamond Corporation announces today that it has received an extension to the previously announced stay period under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act, which was previously set to expire on January 23, 2009.
Three men in the early 20s are facing charges of robbery and uttering threats after an incident on Monday night in the 100 block of Wyse Road in Dartmouth.
Sharekhan has recommended `Buy` on Torrent Pharmaceuticals with a price target of Rs 640 as against the market price of Rs 545 in its report dated Oct. 26, 2010.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are in danger of losing offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan again, as he will reportedly interview with the Chicago Bears for their head coaching position.
) Marilyn Monroe famously said, ``I believe that everything happens for a reason.''
Huawei Technologies, the world's No.2 telecom gear maker, has denied using Chinese subsidies to gain global market share after it was accused by US lawmakers and EU officials of unfair competition.
Chinese search giant Baidu has confirmed rumors that it is developing a Google Glass like wearable technology product that is initially code-named 'Baidu Eye', but has stressed that no consumer launch is planned as yet.
Prometheus, poised to be one of the summer's biggest blockbusters, will likely receive and keep an R rating.
An Easley man died Wednesday in a tragic tractor accident.
Lt. Gov. Walter Dalton released his tax returns Friday, following the lead of his main Democratic opponent and continuing the pressure on Republican Pat McCrory to do the same.
IceWEB, a company that offers online storage, said in a press release today that it will begin to support the iPhone and iPod Touch.
Jade Goody has been told she has only months to live, her publicist Max Clifford has said.
We need to enact term limits and campaign finance reform to give leaders the voice they need to tell us the truth-that we need to take some difficult, but not disastrous, steps to right our ship and restructure our national financial system.
A British soldier, from 101 Engineer Regiment, has been shot dead in southern Afghanistan.
A new phishing scam that uses the logos of the Banking Association SA and the SA Revenue Service has been uncovered, the association said on Thursday.
Hollywood superstar Brad Pitt says when he arrived at Hollywood in the late 1980s he was told he couldn't act and should take acting classes.
Southern Miss football coach Larry Fedora says freshman receiver DeAndre Brown will be allowed to play in a bowl game.
The parliament's lower house speaker Sergei Naryshkin assumed at the Thursday Duma meeting that the Russian political system reform bills proposed by President Medvedev may be adopted as early as in February, even before the presidential elections.
Christmas shoppers looking for a bargain have been warned over counterfeit goods which flood the market in the run-up to the festive season, the UK Border Agency has warned (07 December 2011).
A top North Korean finance official has been sacked following the country's disastrous currency revaluation.
Former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram has lashed out at maverick all-rounder Shahid Afridi for announcing retirement and wanting to come back in a whimsical manner.
The body of an unidentified man was found hanging from a tree under the Bithoor police station late on Friday night.
The Palestinian Authority and Hamas systematically abuse Palestinian journalists, according to a Human Rights Watch report released Wednesday.
An arms cache has been seized in Dalton, outside Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal police said on Wednesday.
A correction officer was fatally shot during a possible robbery in Brooklyn this morning.The 40-year-old Duncan was assigned to central booking at the Manhattan Detention Complex in Lower Manhattan.
Hong Kong on Sunday confirmed its third case of swine flu in a 23-year-old mainland Chinese student who flew to the territory from New York City.
Sri Lankan troops say they have overrun a key Tamil rebel base in the island's embattled north, killing 51 insurgents.
Ford Motor says it is recalling 465,000 cars due to a fuel leak that poses fire risks.
This time so called 'insiders' have claimed that she and her cheating ex-husband Ashley have agreed to strengthen their recent reunion, by arranging regular date nights, making sure that their careers don't take precedence over their relationship any longer.
French carmaker PSA Peugeot Citroen on Wednesday announced net losses of 343 million euros for 2008, and chief executive Christian Streiff warned of more losses in 2009.
UK stocks pared losses, led by mining companies after Eurasian Natural Resources Corp. forecast a `strong' second half and base metals advanced.
England star Kevin Pietersen retired from international limited overs cricket on Thursday, a decision which took the England and Wales Cricket Board by surprise.
Three Notre Dame students were robbed at gunpoint in their off-campus home Thursday night and, according to one of the students, lost $3,000 worth of possessions.
Irish broadcaster Setanta Sports has filed for bankruptcy protection, saying it will shortly cease broadcasting to customers in Britain after failing to make a number of payments to football organisations.
Green & Black's, the premium chocolate brand owned by Cadbury, is launching its first billboard poster campaign in a bid to raise awareness of the brand outside of its South East heartland.
SWITZERLAND'S president has said that officials considered using force to free two Swiss citizens held hostage in Libya for more than a year.
China will launch a new round of reform to realize a good governance as the ruling Communist Party of China is planning the country's roadmap in the coming five years, scholars and political observers have said.
The Carlisle volleyball team lost a match at Prairie City-Monroe, three games to one, on Aug. 30 to fall to 0-3 on the season.
A woman was rushed to hospital in critical condition following a house fire Friday on Magnus Avenue in Winnipeg.
A Lugoff woman says she plans to run as a Republican for the House seat being vacated by Rep. Bill Cotty.
Beijing, July 27 China plans to build an economic zone in the country's central Henan province to boost development in the region, a media report said.
And, before recourse is taken to so desperate an expedient, it is advisable to examine can we buy cialis australia without prescription dead and learned languages, with the hope and the probability that we may there meet with some adequate expression of the notion we have in our minds.
US country singer Mindy McCready has died of an apparent suicide aged 37, reports BBC news.
The body of a 19 year old missing woman from the bay area was found this morning.
Manchester United are the most valuable franchise in sports, according to a study compiled by Forbes Magazine.
Qld economy supported by resource sector Updated: 16:26, Monday April 23, 2012 Queensland Premier Campbell Newman says a new report into Queensland's economy shows that only one leg of the chair is holding up the state and the Achilles' heel continues to be the housing sector.
James Barrett, former Wyoming attorney general and the third judge from Wyoming to serve on the US Court of Appeals, died Monday at the Davis Hospice Center in Cheyenne.
Ferrari's Brazilian driver Felipe Massa's love affair with the Formula One Turkish Grand Prix continued on Saturday as for the third successive year he took pole position.
``Tony Blair has what it takes to become the EU's first president,'' Berlusconi said in a letter published in the conservative Italian daily Il Foglio.
Star openside flanker Pocock, who will link up with the Canberra-based Brumbies this season following six years with Western Force, re-signed with the ARU through 2015.
The Internet Crime Complaint Center recently released its 2012 Internet Crime Report (PDF file), which states that the IC3 received and processed 289,874 cyber crime complaints in 2012, an average of more than 24,000 complaints each month.
Chandigarh girl Navneet Kaur Dhillon on Sunday won the Femina Miss India 2013 contest in a glittering grand finale of the 50th edition of the beauty pageant.
Midwest aluminum spot premiums rose to new highs this week, hitting 11 cents per pound as the contango on the London Metal Exchange continues to encourage traders to finance metal in warehouses, keeping supply tight.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a former MP who has died at the age of 76 after a battle with lung cancer.
Intel on Friday said it is researching technology to harvest free energy from the environment, which could lead to devices such as mobile phones running for indefinite periods without recharging.
A Grand Junction firefighter fell through a floor while battling a large blaze Thursday morning.
Olympic Gold Quest is very proud to announce that it will be supporting Archers Rahul Banerjee and Tarundeep Rai.
The White House reiterated its support for Illinois Democratic Senate candidate Alexi Giannoulias amidst GOP attacks on the candidate.
College Football Hall of Fame coach Dave Maurer, who twice served as an assistant in the Coaches All-America Game in Lubbock, died Saturday at age 79.
Two Belarusian opposition candidates have demanded the cancelation of the country's presidential election results after ``Europe's last dictator,'' Alexander Lukashenko, won by a landslide in what observers describe as large-scale vote rigging.
Central government payments in April gave a surplus of SEK 23.3billion.
Pakistan issued fresh flood warnings on Tuesday, braced for further chaos as the worst floods in generations hit 3.2 million people.
Target Corp. has doubled its Canadian renovation budget, and could spend up to $2.3-billion to convert rundown Zellers stores into Target outlets in the next two years.
Oakland announced Tuesday that it will leave the Summit League and join the Horizon on July 1.
MY parents have treated me like an outcast since I got three points on my license.
President Obama said that he and his guests regulary go skeet shooting at Camp David and that gun control advocates should listen more to understand why so many Americans are cautious of government limits on firearms.
``Prabakaran is in the south of the NFZ, taking cover among the civilians. My troops, the special forces, commandos and infantrymen are advancing towards the area to rescue the rest of the civilians. Prabakaran can't escape over the land route as my troops are effectively manning the defence lines. Prabakaran's only escape route is by sea,'' the Army chief told Asian Tribune, a news portal.
The Detroit Lions hired former Broncos general manager Brian Xanders for a front office job with their franchise.
Supporters of Islami Jamiat Talaba, a student wing of Pakistan religious and political party Jamaat-e-Islami, burn a US flag as they shout anti-American slogans during a protest in Lahore September 20, 2012.
Former Czech President Vaclav Havel was taken to hospital with a heart problem but is feeling well, Czech television reported on Sunday...
Thomas J. Longo, one of the region's longest-serving mayors, announced Wednesday that he will not seek re-election this fall to the top job in this financially troubled inner-ring suburb.
The World Bank on Thursday approved a $500 million interest-free loan for Pakistan to help stabilize the economy in the face of political and economic turmoil, and investor uncertainty.
At a ceremony in Cairo today, Egyptair officially became the 21st member of Star Alliance, adding 1,624 weekly flights to 69 destinations around the world to the global airline alliance.
Sugar prices recovered moderately at the Vashi Wholesale market here today on fresh demand from stockists and bulk traders amidst good retail buying.
Conservative leader Stephen Harper strayed away Sunday from explaining why voters should trust him personally with the power of a majority government, preferring instead to put the focus on the success of his Tory party.
Saab is offering a complimentary MoT to its car owners who book an Oil or Annual service during August or September, it has announced.
SRK misses working with Juhi Chawla and director Aziz Mirza with whom he teamed up in the initial days of his career.
Every other prostitute in Brussels is from the Bulgarian city of Sliven, according to an extensive article published in the Belgium daily ``Le Soir'', the Bulgaria Information Agency reported.
Michael Walchhofer won the first men's downhill of the World Cup season, leading a strong Austrian showing on a day when Bode Miller finished eighth.
Police in Laurel County say charges are expected in last week's deadly crash involving three vehicles.
STEC Technology Sdn Bhd expects to exceed RM250 million in total investment over the next few years, its chairman and chief executive officer Manouch Mosyahedi said today.
TalkTalk has said that it plans to launch a mobile handset ``proposition'' later in the year, and confirmed that it will soon expand its trial of the YouView TV set top box service.
American Greetings Corporation today announced its third quarter results for the fiscal quarter ended November 28, 2008..
Former Metropolitan Mayor of Caracas Juan Barreto has been charged with corruption over a scheme to fly airships equipped with cameras over the city to fight crime.
Steve Miller will release his first DVD, and he's covering all the bases with it.
Civil society activists Shanti Bhushan, Swami Agnivesh and Justice Santosh Hegde on Sunday criticised the police action to end the hunger strike of Baba Ramdev calling it an Emergency-like situation and demanding resignation of the Prime Minister.
While she may be tight-lipped about rumored, former high-profile flames Lance Armstrong and Owen Wilson, actress Kate Hudson opens up about her ex-husband Chris Robinson in October's issue of Cosmopolitan, says USA Today.
Paul Gascoigne has been rushed to hospital after a car crash in his home town of Newcastle.
Reviyve, LLC, a personal care products e-company introduces a new foot care gift set, Favored Feet to women across the United States and Canada.
A two-day workshop titled Peace and Conflict Resolution for disseminating practical ideas for serenity concluded on Sunday.
Voltage Security, a global leader in information encryption, announced today that it has joined the PCI Security Standards Council as a participating organization.
Russia on Friday announced that it will invest $500 million in a Central Asian electricity project that will provide energy to Afghanistan, RIA Novosti news agency reported.
A woman was beaten and robbed walking home from a bar Saturday morning, according to the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Turkey is recalling its ambassador to the US following a resolution declaring the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks around the time of World War I to be genocide.
ALL Blacks captain Richie McCaw has been accused of breaking the rules ahead of Saturday's Test match with Wales.
Former Baywatch star Pamela Anderson is reportedly being lined up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
North American potash inventories at producers fell sharply in April as long-delayed shipments to China resumed and demand for the crop nutrient within the United States rose during the spring planting season.
A well known Database security engineer, Neil Martin has said that he expects Playstation Network will be online on Wednesday.
Payday lenders are defending their business model as the Salt Lake City Council plans to restrict where they can operate.
Former ``ER'' star Julianna Margulies has given birth to a baby boy Us Magazine has confirmed.
COLUMBUS, Ohio Sidney Crosby left the Pittsburgh Penguins' 5-2 exhibition loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets early in the first period Thursday night because of a groin injury that the team said wasn't believed to be serious.
Cold conditions on Sunday continued to sweep most parts of Punjab and Haryana, with mercury hovering below the normal levels.
There is lot of potential in the aerospace sector, with the space service market likely to grow to USD 7-9 billion by 2015, a top official of Antrix Corporation has said.
The Centre proposes to set up a National Knowledge network in the next five years at a cost of Rs 6,000 crore, Union IT and Communication Minister A Raja said.
​Former UCLA basketball coach John Wooden was hospitalized Thursday in ``grave'' condition according to KCAL 9 News.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/Fred Chartrand Justin Trudeau beats Tory Sen. Patrick Brazeau in charity boxing match Liberal MP Justin Trudeau and Conservative Sen. Patrick Brazeau took the fight to each other Saturday night in a different sort of political arena.
Thieves are increasingly targeting catalytic converters, which contain precious metals that can be sold for scrap.
Spark Capital has launched a seed funding program called Start@Spark.
The Palestinian Nadi Al-Asir on Saturday said that a female Palestinian prisoner was seriously injured by Israeli prison guards.
GORDON Brown was ``furious'' when he found out about the smear emails written by a key aide about top Tories, his spokesman said today amid renewed Tory pressure for an inquiry into the scandal.
The French soccer federation and Ligue 1 side Girondins Bordeaux have reached an agreement that will see Laurent Blanc become the next France coach.
White House Spokeswoman Dana Perino says President Bush is disappointed by the sharp rise in the US unemployment rate to 6.1 percent.
Taiwan's Asustek Computer will release a tablet PC in Japan, reports The Nikkei.
The Diamondbacks managing partner Ken Kendrick whom went on a radio show and ripped Stephen Drew and Justin Upton in a stunning move.
Several moderate aftershocks were registered in Italy overnight to Wednesday.
What's cooking at Nintendo's, one might ask.
IBM laid off 180 people today, confirming rumors that have swirled around the Essex Junction plant for weeks.
David Cameron today attacked Labour on national insurance, arguing that an ``emergency budget'' would be required if the Conservatives were elected.
Graham Napier, the Essex allrounder, will play for Central Districts in New Zealand's domestic Twenty20 and one-day competitions.
Aretha Franklin got help from more than 100 of her friends, including Tony Bennett, Smokey Robinson, Bette Midler and Gayle King, to celebrate her 69th birthday on Friday.
Demi Lovato is a great actress and recently was her birthday.Demi Lovato proved once again that she is a great person and she surprised her family at her birthday.Demi Lovato bought a house for her parents.Demi Lovato expired on August 20 of age and although generally tradition that the birthday is the one who receives gifts, Disney actress who was also decided to surprise the family with presents.
Nanoengineers have invented a new biomaterial designed for repairing damaged human tissue, and it closely mimics the properties of native human tissue.
Kansas State Wildcats defensive end Meshak Williams earned the Big 12 Defensive Player of the Week honor after helping his team to a victory against the TCU Horned Frogs.
Andrew Whitaker, who took up the position in January, says the school is on the right track to continue the progress made in recent months and address the areas of concern raised by the education watchdog.
AskMeNow Inc., a pioneer and innovator in mobile information access technology, today announces it will open up its mobile platform to publishers.
``Ciego de Ávila province will keep its economic growth, in spite of the damages caused by hurricane Ike'', assured Jorge Luis Tapia Fonseca, First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba in the territory.
Apr. 28, 2008 10:15 AM 'Hannah Montana' star Miley Cyrus has issued an apology after posing for a racy photo shoot.
5 climbers feared dead on world's 3rd highest peak Five climbers including two Hungarians and a South Korean are missing on the world's third-highest mountain and feared dead, a mountaineering official said Friday.
Japanese electronics and media industry giant Sony has launched a corporate university campus in Singapore, the first outside Japan, local paper the Straits Times reported on Thursday.
SingTel has been fined $40,000 for selling sex games for mobile phones, with some featuring rape and bestiality themes.
A woman was shot in the head in West Oakland and was in critical condition Monday afternoon, Pittsburgh police said.
Tea Partiers are boiling up the Primaries, with less than two weeks until the final count.
Excessively high levels of cesium-137 have been found in wild mushrooms growing in the Homyel region, the press office of the regional department of the National Center of Hygiene, Epidemiology and Public Health said on Thursday.
EPA announces $569M for water upgrades in NY, NJ New York and New Jersey communities hit by Superstorm Sandy will get $569 million for improvements to sewage treatment and drinking water facilities, the federal Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday.
In a bid to spread awareness among school children about the applications of renewable energy sources, the Haryana government has introduced solar education kits in its senior secondary schools.
Yevgeny Plushenko, the 2006 Olympic champion, will undergo another knee surgery to overcome his latest injury setback and plans to return to competitive figure skating fully fit next season.
Mount Police are praising the heroic efforts of three surfers after they saved 3 children from the same family this afternoon.
Research into exactly when a former county road was abandoned in Ford River Township continues, according to Rob VanEffen, managing director of the Delta County Road Commission.
In an attempt to discourage one of the fastest-growing practices in online poker, Bodog has announced that they will be blocking data mining services from being used in their poker room.
Innovative Farmers of Ohio is hosting six family-friendly farm tours this summer featuring entrepreneurial farmers who are using sustainable production methods and a variety of marketing techniques to deliver their products to neighboring consumers.
The AJC reports that Atlanta-based Home Depot will try to sell some its excess parking spaces at vacant stores nationwide.
Jacoby Ellsbury said in the Red Sox clubhouse late Tuesday night he expected to be activated on Wednesday.
Citigroup has upgraded its rating and price target on Maruti to a 'buy' and Rs 1,542 from Rs 1,079 earlier, as it expects the Indian car market to resume growth at the trend rate of 12-15% over 2009-10 to 2011-12.
Australia's Parliament House gift shop trashed 200 Barack Obama commemorative mugs -- though not because the president has twice canceled visits.
Colin Farrell calls giving up alcohol and a 60-a-day cigarette habit the best decision he's ever made, NME reports.
Private insurer HDFC Life today said it has augmented its online channel with the launch of 'HDFC Life Click2Protect' - an an online term insurance plan.
Indonesia lifted tsunami warning after strong quake of 7.0 rocked Sumatra province on Tuesday morning, no report of damages or casualty, the meteorology and disaster management agency said here.
Retrophin, LLC, a private biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing treatments for rare and life-threatening diseases, has entered a sponsored research agreement with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
US diginet BBC America has acquired romantic sitcom Not Going Out from UK indie Avalon.
A PREDATORY paedophile who repeatedly raped and sexually abused a four-year-old boy has been jailed for 18 years.
A Thornton man has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for a crash that killed three motorcyclists from Indiana during Motorcycle Week in 2006.
Qgiv, a leader in online giving, has launched a new social fundraising platform, Hobnob - a fully featured registration and fundraising website for pledge-based special events, making it ideal for any event or campaign requiring individual and team fundraising capabilities.
CLEE Hill crashed to a 10-8 home defeat to Essington in the Midlands Junior Vase first round.
Allstate has been ordered to cut its car insurance rates by nearly 16 percent in California.
WASHINGTON ― Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer says she and President Barack Obama have agreed to try to work together on a solution to the nation's immigration and border security woes.
The Pension Reform Task Team has declared that it would not be blackmailed in its task of reforming the police pension administration, just as it revealed that they were offered billions of Naira by officials of the police pension office in order to cover up the endemic rot and corruption allegedly perpetuated by the office.
India's soft power remains its biggest strength in being a global leader but strict visa rules has dented the country's image abroad, writes former union minister of state for external affairs Shashi Tharoor in his new book.
Jens Lehmann has admitted he could retire at the end of the season if no club offers him the chance of playing regular soccer next season.
Britain will create the world's largest marine reserve by banning fishing around the UK-owned archipelago in the Indian Ocean - a cluster of 55 islands across about a quarter of a million square miles of ocean.
Mowbray school parents will be sued Updated: 21:18, Wednesday June 6, 2012 The administrator in charge of Mowbray College says unpaid fees was one of the reasons the school collapsed and he would be recovering those fees.
Anyone traveling with printers out there be warned, the TSA has introduced a new ban that's effective immediately.
Funeral under way for unarmed driver shot by NYPD His commander says an Army National Guard member shot to death by police was a great team member.
Two people were injured in a multi-vehicle crash this evening in Palm Desert, according to Cal Fire.
Facebook is widely expected to file paperwork for an IPO today, but the size may be much smaller than original reports indicated.
A deputy constable was killed in a traffic accident while escorting a funeral processionDeputy Constable David Joubert, 60, was performing a police-related function, as a motorcycle funeral escort on Saturday afternoon.
The Mets acquired outfielder Angel Pagan on Saturday from the Chicago Cubs in exchange for a pair of minor leaguers.
A viral disease is killing deer along the Platte River and possibly over a much wider area, according to the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission.
Online payments provider PayPal will gain access to millions of physical stores in the United States under an agreement with Discover Financial Services.
A man is in the hospital after police say he was stabbed several times Thursday night in Millville.
Yahoo today launched user-created hyperlocal news sites in Royal Oak, Ferndale and Birmingham as part of a 30-city national test.
SUFFOLK is on course to become the greenest county in the UK, according to environment chiefs.
Multi-trade shipowner Safmarine has started a regular, multi-purpose vessel service between Asia and West Africa, which it believed would benefit from a number of infrastructure projects that were under way in West Africa, it announced this week.
A Payson man was killed Saturday when a powered parachute he was piloting crashed, police say.
Renaissance Learning Inc., the Wisconsin Rapids-based provider of educational aids, will raise its quarterly dividend by 14%, to 8 cents a share from 7 cents.
Three Fianna Fáil members in the North Offaly area, including one town councillor, have resigned from the party this week and will now run in this year's local elections as independent candidates.
Crude slips below the USD 75 mark as weak US data fueled worries that the economic recovery is stalling, deepening concerns about demand in the world's biggest oil consumer.
A Schenectady woman was charged with her 9th DWI after she struck a telephone pole while drunk driving in Scotia Wednesday.
Alberto Puente, ASSOCIATED PRESS Real Salt Lake announced Wednesday that it has acquired forward Joao Plata from Toronto FC.
Delta Air Lines today announced it is adding more flights between New York City and key global business markets this year, with nearly 30 cities slated for new or expanded service by fall.
The government is studying proposals to extend the 43km Light Rail Transit line between Kota Damansara and Cheras to Sungai Buloh and Kajang, the Dewan Rakyat was told today.
AIADMK workers in the district today threatened to form suicide squads to protect party chief Jayalalithaa if police failed to nab those who reportedly issued a threat to her life.
Early termination of clinical trials may overestimate treatment effects, according to the results of a systematic review and meta-regression analysis reported in the March 24/31 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Two Ghanaians who have been stranded in Israel since last year are living in squalid conditions, the Haaretz, an Israeli online publication has reported.
At the recent National Worship Leaders Conference, Irish songwriter Keith Getty began his workshop by telling those who had come to learn how to write a great worship song to leave.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that service to people is the one and only mission of his life.
Bollywood actress Minissha Lamba says she felt like a princess as she walked the ramp for fashion designer Ranna Gill on the concluding day of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week on Monday.
Christina Applegate & fiance Martyn LeNobleActress Christina Applegate and her fiance and musician Martyn LeNoble welcomed their brand new baby girl on Thursday, January 27 in Los Angeles.
Calvin Harris has broken the UK chart record for the most top ten singles released from one album.
Microsoft is now taking a u-turn on its decision not to go the brick-and-mortar retail store route nearly a decade ago and is now planning to hit the high street again with 75 new retail stores across America over the next 3 years.
India has asked sugar mills to register for unrestricted sugar exports from Monday, a government statement said, a step that could help mills make timely payment to cane growers by taking advantage of the current high global prices.
An Arcadia man accidentally shot himself in the finger Wednesday night during a failed attempt to clean his gun.
Fall Out Boy rocker PETE WENTZ and wife Ashlee Simpson-WENTZ are eyeing a dream move to France to escape the paparazzi.
The widow of a tire store owner stabbed to death by a former employee says she and her family were alarmed to learn the killer had escaped a western Maryland prison.
A woman was hit by a flying bollard after a car careened on to the footpath from a parking spot in central Tauranga at lunchtime on Monday.
US Forest Service firewood permits now are on sale for the Lake Tahoe Basin through Oct. 30, according to a statement from the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit.
Pride stopped a Taverham man from seeking help for his problems, according to neighbours who yesterday attended an inquest into his death.
In his most famous pearl of coaching wisdom, Chubbs was trying to help Gilmore with his putting by telling him, ``it's all in the hips, it's all in the hips.''
Fullback Mils Muliaina will play his 100th test for the All Blacks on Sunday after being named to start in the World Cup quarter final against Argentina.
Today rock band Dr. Dog released 2012 North American headlining tour dates in support of their upcoming album, Be The Void.
When I was a kid, I used to call ``do overs.''
As expected, Duke beat Elon 76-54.
A new ``paper computer'' developed by a Queen's University researcher could revolutionize the way people use their electronic devices.
Stacey Tadd of Bath University conquered the Women's 200m breaststroke semi-final on day five of the 2012 British Gas Swimming Championships at the London Aquatics Centre on Wednesday, March 7.
Nevado del Ruiz volcano spews volcanic ash during an eruption in this handout photograph taken June 30, 2012.
A NEW Union Street charity helps the needy as well as recycling around 250 tons of furniture a year.
Weeks ago it was suggested that Charter Communications, the fourth largest cable provider, would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy or Chapter 7 liquidation.
Lesbian musician Sue Dunlop will be farewelled in Wellington tomorrow, after losing a short battle with cancer.
A violent offender wanted on a Canada-wide warrant has been arrested in New Brunswick.
Kanpur, Dec 20 The Reserve Bank today said that it could introduce Rs 10 coin after two years.
A federal grand jury in Tyler returned several indictments this week, including one for a man who allegedly possessed 8.5 kilograms of marijuana during a traffic stop.
Leisure airline Monarch is launching a host of new flights this May from Birmingham, Gatwick, Luton and Manchester airports, with new services to Bodrum and Corfu taking to the skies.
Mountain molasses stack cake is seen in this April 25, 2010 photo.
In a surprise move, long-time Senators captain Daniel Alfredsson is leaving Ottawa for the Detroit Red Wings.
Talisman Energy Inc. today declared a semi-annual dividend of 11 and one-quarter cents Canadian per share on the Company's common shares.
Polls began closing in Zimbabwe on Saturday after voters cast ballots for parliament and president with incumbent Robert Mugabe battling to extend his near three-decades rule.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani faces the prospect of being disqualified as an MP for five years after Pakistan's Supreme Court ruled today that he ``wilfully, deliberately and persistently'' defied the highest court and brought the judiciary into ``ridicule''.
Bertram Yacht has warned the state of Florida of 86 possible layoffs, as a result of the company's relocation to Merritt Island in Brevard County.
Noel Gallagher has released his much anticipated debut solo song.
Kindred Healthcare has opened a 50-bed long-term care hospital in Springfield, Ill, its sixth in the state.
By popular demand, multi-award winning musical legend Van Morrison returns to California for ``Astral Weeks Live'' at the Berkeley's University of California, Greek Theatre on May 2 and 3, and at the intimate Orpheum Theatre in downtown Los Angeles on May 7, 8 & 9.
The first phase of Bihar assembly elections began on Thursday amid tight security in 47 constituencies across the Kosi-Seemanchal and Mithilanchal belts.
The seafood industry has warned of job losses and company collapses from the high New Zealand dollar.
Miley Cyrus to shoot music video for ``Who Owns My Heart'', next single from ``Can't Be Tamed'' album.
Sweden raised its terrorism threat level on Friday based on a classified intelligence assessment, but authorities said an attack was not imminent and the threat was still low compared to other European countries.
Islamabad, Feb 21 In yet another about-turn on the Mumbai terror strikes, a Pakistani minister said Saturday that Ajmal Amir Kasab, the lone gunman captured alive during the mayhem, could be tried in India, where he had committed the crime and from where he could not be extradited.
A 3D printing technique that produces clusters of stem cells could speed up progress towards the creation of artificial organs, scientists claim.
The PPP leader said that previous government has took every possible action to organise fair and free election in Pakistan, however, the election results are incomprehensible.
A Libyan oil expert predi cts that oil will for a long time remain the main source of energy in the world and that the global economy wi ll for years depend on its exploitation.
An Afghan guard opened fire and shot dead two NATO troops accompanying a reconstruction convoy traveling in a northern province today.
An armed robber woke a Bradenton woman this morning.
A woman's request to use a bathroom turned into a robbery Wednesday morning at an Amarillo apartment.
Jessica Alba pregnancy seems to be creating a havoc in her love life, for the actress keeps throwing fiancee Cash Warren out of their new home.
Justin Bieber has said that he is a regular teenager, who loves driving and gets embarrassed at the mention of girls.
A rare Ferrari sports car crashed into a saltwater lake in Canada after the driver lost control of the high speed car during a race.
Japanese share prices will likely seesaw next week as investors look to US earnings reports and Congress testimony by US Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke, market analysts say.
Record numbers of Chicago area residents are riding free on mass transit.
Yemeni Jews have condemned the recent Israeli massacres in the Gaza strip, saying what is happening in the strip is denied by all religions.
Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan said Tuesday that official interest rates are still low by historical standards.
Senator Chuck Grassley released the following statement after Beef Products Inc. announced it would close permanently its three plants in Waterloo, IA;
New mutual funds are hitting the market all the time.
Compass Group has reported a slowdown in the decline of revenue growth in its UK and Ireland business.
Mack Trucks and its parent, Volvo, agreed to pay $525 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed by more than 9,300 retirees of the North Carolina truck maker after they challenged potential reductions to their lifetime health benefits.
World No. 1 Serena Williams, sidelined since winning the Australian Open, said she'll play in next month's Italian Masters in Rome.
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe accused Venezuela's Hugo Chavez of backing genocide and said he would denounce him in international court as a diplomatic and military crisis gripped the oil-rich Andean region.
Even though Senior White House Adviser David Axelrod contends that Republicans will win seats in the November elections, he still wasn't willing to budge Sunday on bipartisanship or extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts.
The trial of a mother accused of killing her 7 year old son before setting fire to his body to 'disguise what had happened' has begun at Cardiff Crown Court.
Buffalo Sabres captain Jason Pominville has been voted the team's Masterton Trophy candidate for best exemplifying the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey.
Two Israeli policemen were shot dead in the occupied West Bank on Sunday, and Israeli police said they suspected a Palestinian attack.
Two men killed in a small plane crash near Chickasha Friday night were small business owners who were active in their community, family members said.
Shell Oil agreed to pay the government $2.2 million to settle claims it knowingly underpaid royalties for natural gas production, the Justice Department said.
Apple Inc. has unveiled its hotly anticipated iPhone 5, the thinnest, lightest mobile device the Cupertino computer maker has introduced to date, with a bigger screen and the capability of downloading at up to 100 megabits per second, according to Wired.
A 19-year-old Granite Shoals man is facing charges of injury to a 14-month old child.
The United Way of the Central and South Okanagan/Similkameen announced their 2011 Campaign goals Tuesday morning.
Angelina Jolie has written an article for The DailyBeast.com in support of Malala Yousafzai, the 14-year-old Pakistani girl shot and wounded by Taliban gunmen for speaking up for girls' education.
A TOTAL of 34 streets in Cambridgeshire will be closed at the end of April for royal wedding street parties.
Two popular supplements taken by millions of people around the world to combat joint pain, do not work, finds research published in the British Medical Journal today.
Bill Cosby was honored with the Marian Anderson Award at the Kimmel Center on April 7.
The term of the Liberhan Ayodhya Commission of inquiry has been extended by three months up to 30th September.
A CANNABIS factory in Brookmans Park, near Potters Bar, was raided by police last week.
The International Olympic Committee has announced that it would ban the possession of syringes outside medical areas at the 2012 Olympic Games to prevent doping by athletes.
Another Microsoft bigwig has jumped off the rapidly sinking ship.
A MAN whose family said he was a drug pusher was shot dead in Sea Lots, Port of Spain, yesterday.
Nick Swisher said Wednesday that he's lost 11 pounds since spring training by doing cardio work in addition to lifting weights.
STERLING fell to a four week low against the euro on Thursday as investors became optimistic over progress in Greek debt talks and concerned over UK economic weakness.
The BBMP on Tuesday submitted in the High Court that it had decided to withdraw the short-term tender notification on transportation and collection of garbage in the city, issued recently.
Ireland is to issue its first new benchmark 10-year bond since its EU/IMF bailout in the ``near future'', its debt agency said on Tuesday, a landmark on its route to becoming the first bailed-out euro zone country return to full market funding.
KNIA/KRLS radio reported Friday that a former church leader in Pella has been arrested and charged with sexual exploitation.
Sian Massey, the referee at the centre of a sexism row earlier this year, will not be getting an apology from Cardiff City football player Kevin McNaughton after he accidentally floored her during his team's defeat by Middlesbrough on Monday.
As recently as Sunday, Al Golden had reiterated that he had not been contacted by Cincinnati and was trying to focus the Team on preparing for UCLA and the Eagle Bank Bowl.
Justin Forsett got some early work for the Texans, carrying the ball four times for 19 yards on their second drive of the game.
Military reservists are wearing their uniforms to work to highlight the role that they play in the UK's armed forces.
A dog died in a house fire Wednesday afternoon in the 600 block of Amherst Avenue.
A US archaeologist has said that the collapse of the Mayan civilization was due to environmental damage caused by deforestation and damage to the agricultural system.
AMB Property Corporation®, a leading owner, operator and developer of global industrial real estate, today announced it intends to offer 12 million shares of its common stock in a registered offering.
BarcodeScannersStore.com is offering free demos of popular barcode scanners enabling customers to test the scanner before they purchase it for their specific industry needs.
Ukraine is to reap a record corn harvest of 19 million metric tons, agriculture researcher APK- Inform said.
Penn State has named David M. Joyner, a member of the board of trustees for over 10 years, as their acting athletic director, effective immediately according to reports.
Australian adventurers James Castrission and Justin Jones have reached the South Pole, and are making their way back across the continent to the Antarctic coast.
The Teshie water board which would manage the distribution of water supply by Aqua Vitens Rand Limited was on Tuesday inaugurated in Accra.
Amy Winehouse looks set to debut new material at her comeback gigs in Brazil this month.
Some officers of the Riau Police seized illegal logs on Dakal River in Pulau Padang area, Merbau sub district, Meranti district, Riau province, Indonesia, on Tuesday.
As the global recession settles in, the price of crude oil is expected to push much lower.
Four suspected cases of swine flu have been reported in St. Barths, the Préfecture disclosed on Tuesday.
Toyota announced over the weekend that it plans to recall about 160,000 Tacoma mid-size pickup trucks due to an issue that could result in the spare tire falling off.
Despite the delay in advance of the monsoon, India is expected to get more rains this season than earlier predicted by the weather office.
Primary school catchment areas on the Isle of Wight could be scrapped and children given priority places at their sibling's school in plans to overhaul the admissions system.
London, Sep 2 Hollywood star Keanu Reeves is set to produce and act in a romantic comedy titled 'Henry's Crime'.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy warned Thursday of a possible explosion of the European bloc unless decisive measures can be taken in the coming weeks, APA reports.
Hong Kong has banned egg imports from Cambodia due to the country's recent avian influenza outbreak, which claimed four lives last month.
Two Mexican airlines have canceled 11 routes to low-profit destinations this year, due to rising fuel costs.
UNICEF (United Nations agency for children) said that, Serbian tennis superstar Novak Djokovic has donated $100 000 to UNICEF's Serbian chapter.
North Korea warned yesterday of ``merciless'' measures against South Korea for referring the sinking of a warship to the UN Security Council.
Former NASCAR driver Shane Hmiel was critically injured in a crash while qualifying for a USAC race.
Jamaicans Gareth Henry and Chadwick Parks will be in action on the opening day of the individual events at the world junior badminton championships in Pune India Wednesday.
Could it be that a Katy Perry divorce is coming soon?
Bill Haslam, the mayor of Knoxville and considered a moderate Republican, easily won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor Thursday, the Tennessee Department of State's website reported.
Green to fight Kiwi Cameron Updated: 13:48, Wednesday September 19, 2012 Australia's Danny Green is to defend his IBO world cruiserweight boxing title against New Zealander Shane Cameron.
The thought occurred to me as I listened last week to a fellow who should know better defending the actions of RAAD: ``We have to stop Derry becoming another Dublin.''
The Bahujan Samaj Party on Sunday said it would not support the Women's Reservation Bill if required amendments were not made in the proposed legislation before it was tabled in Parliament.
A 45-year-old man servicing the fire extinguishers on a moored tugboat fell into the Mississippi River near the Exxon dock in Chalmette Tuesday night and is still missing.
New information was released Thursday morning on the investigation into a human skull that was found by a hunter northeast of Butte last week.
VICTORVILLE, Calif. A Mojave Desert woman is in jail for allegedly attacking her sleeping husband with a meat cleaver.
Premier Silvio Berlusconi promised Tuesday to resign after parliament passes economic reforms demanded by the European Union, capping a two-decade political career that has ended with Italy on the brink of being swept into Europe's debt crisis.
House Speaker John Boehner toured levees in Natomas this week at the invitation of Rep. Dan Lungren, as local officials push the feds to fund ongoing levee improvements to the area.
The Centers of Medicare & Medicaid Services has revealed that over the next decade, Medicare and Medicaid spending will spike.
Giles extends its reach into the West Country with the acquisition of The Professional Indemnity Group.
Irvine-based Broadcom has settled with patent licensing firm Wi-LAN, over WiLAN's patent portfolio.
Arthur Erickson, the Canadian architect who designed countless buildings around the world, has died.
A passenger tried to open an exit door Monday during a flight on Alaska Airlines, and he was arrested upon landing.
The rupee posted its best performance in four months on Thursday, surging to a three-week high on back of gains in stocks and dollar weakness overseas.
Cribbs agreed to a one-year contract and will wear the black and silver for Oakland.
Lindsay Lohan will be taking it all off to pose nude for Playboy, recent reports claim.
Would you like to hear Reggie sing the Wii U announcement?
An early Claude Monet painting that has been on public view only once is now on display at the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester, NH Created in 1867 when Monet was 27, the painting shows Monet's father reading a newspaper under a canopy of shade trees, near a sunlit, flowering garden.
PITTSBURGH ─ The Steelers have agreed to terms with veteran quarterback Byron Leftwich on a one-year contract, the team announced today.
Bakerwali dog, which is domesticated by the nomadic tribes inhabiting the Himalayas and the Hindukush mountain system of Afghanistan, Pakistan and Tajikistan, is facing extinction in the far-flung areas of Jammu and Kashmir.
Kigali city launched a new transport strategy which will see operating busses assigned to specific routes, making public transport more efficient.
A Scheller woman is working to raise money for autism research during April, which is Autism Awareness Month.
Julian Whitaker, MD ), a founder of the alternative health movement, is now a featured expert on searchvitaminsupplements.com ), a new informational Web site devoted to all aspects of nutritional supplements, including vitamins, minerals, herbs, amino acids, enzymes, and more.
Susquehanna maintains a 'Positive' rating on Apple Inc., raises price target from $300 to $325.
President Pranab Mukherjee yesterday visited the newly refurbished Vivekananda and Tagore suites on the ground floor of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
UK-based serviced office company Servcorp opened their first US business center this month.
Matthew Hoggard has points to prove to both the selectors and the England batsmen if he makes the starting XI for Thursday night's opening test against New Zealand at Lord's.
Through the Professional Footballers' Association, Ryall lodged an appeal to overturn the ban which will be considered by Football Federation Australia's disciplinary committee next week.
Rep. Linda Sanchez won her sixth two-year term in Congress, defeating Lakewood Republican Benjamin Campos by a 2-1 margin.
Arkeia Software, a provider of backup and recovery software and appliances, announced Arkeia Network Backup version 8.2 with new agents for backup and recovery of VMware and Hyper-V virtual environments and applications including Microsoft Exchange, Sharepoint, and SQL Server, as well as Novell's iFolder, GroupWise, and eDirectory.
On Sunday's What Would Ryan Lochte Do?, we see that mind travel to wonderful places -- like the kitchen sink to watch his brother throw up for fun, and the stairs where he passes out after a wild night.
Today, Governor Bobby Jindal announced the call for the second special session and highlighted his priorities for investments in roads, levees, coastal restoration, ports, and other priorities critical to the recovery and the needs of the entire state.
SHINE Medical Technologies, a Middleton-based company founded in 2010, chose Janesville over Chippewa Falls and Stevens Point for a new manufacturing plant.
Yahoo! and Spotify have announced a global content distribution and promotion agreement that will enable Yahoo! to integrate and promote Spotify's on demand music service on Yahoo!'s Media Network, which reaches nearly 700 million unique users monthly -- over 47 percent of the total worldwide Internet audience.
The Olympic Highway is closed following a fatal crash in the state's Riverina this morning.
CIT Group Inc., a leading global commercial finance company, today announced that it served as the sole lead arranger in a $65 million financing deal for Petro Resources Corporation, a Houston-based independent oil and natural gas company.
Tim Robbins is joining the cast of ``Green Lantern,'' the Martin Campbell-directed actioner based on the DC Comics superhero.
Lt. Gov. Brad Owen will lead a 5-day trade mission to Taiwan to discuss alternative energy.
Danny Boyle's 'Slumdog Millionaire' has been honoured by The American Film Institute, whose 13 jury members have listed it as one of this year's eight Moments of Significance in Film, TV and Web.
An agricultural research center in South Dakota is expanding its facility to incorporate a new soybean research program.
Tara Reid stays out of Lindsay Lohan's way whenever she is out on the town because Lohan becomes ``mean'' and ``paranoid'' when she is drunk.
World refined Zinc markets registered a surplus of 223000 tons in Jan-June 2011, this was lower when compared to 297000 tons in Jan-June 2010.
A 22-year-old man has died after being hit by a train following an altercation at a railway station in Guildford, Surrey.
Jakarta Governor Joko Widodo will meet 94 ambassadors and diplomatic representatives of friendly countries at the Flores Room of Hotel Borobudur, Jakarta, on Tuesday, December 4.
US videogame industry sales jumped 20% in April, as a flood of highly anticipated titles hit the market.
Inflation levels for the months of September soared again according to government figures, with inflation reaching 5.2%, which is its highest level in sixteen years.
American singer Katy Perry has recently admitted that she is desperate to star in the hit musical TV series ``Glee.''
A 23-year-old Madison man was robbed at knifepoint on Bowen Court early Sunday morning.
Shane Warne was anything but ambiguous when he declared with typical finality that national teams do not need coaches, but teams at the first-class and domestic levels need them.
A Conroe tubing company agreed to pay $175,000 to a former employee it fired less than a month after he complained of racially offensive comments.
Connecticut Light and Power linemen overwhelmingly rejected a new contract offer from Northeast Utilities Friday.
Former US Rep. Barbara Vucanovich, R-Reno, on Tuesday endorsed Republican Gov. Jim Gibbons for re-election to a second term in 2010.
Kanpur, Jan 30 A new daily express train between Kanpur and Chitrakoot Dham was today flagged off by Union Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal.
On Feb. 23 The All-American Rejects announced spring 2012 headlining tour dates in support of their upcoming album, Kids in the Street.
Montel Williams is going to open a pot dispensary in Sacramento, CA.
The rate of US credit card defaults showed signs of stabilizing last month, an indication that American consumers are in better financial shape than feared despite job losses and the housing slump.
China and Russia have agreed to expand nuclear power cooperation in seven areas, including building floating nuclear power plants, exploring uranium mines, eliminating old plants and developing markets abroad, the China Atomic Energy Authority said.
A National Park ranger is accused of twice sexually assaulting co-workers after both women passed out drunk.
Two suspected SIMI activists, one of them with a record of terror involvements, have been arrested from Ahmedabad with arms and ammunition, the Crime Branch said Monday night.
The display of a flag in the Morro Bay park is sparking some controversy in the community.
The transit union has suspended contract talks and given the city until tomorrow to make concessions on scheduling before it takes its case to arbitration.
Iran said it launched a rocket carrying a test-satellite into space on Sunday, in a move that could further exacerbate tension with the West over its nuclear drive.
Boone and Davis, Fort Lauderdale personal injury attorneys, are taking on Universal City Development Partners, owner and operator of Universal Orlando Resort, on behalf of a seriously injured client.
In a recent study it has been said that Swine Flu may cause deadly brain disorder.
Madonna was the most played artist of the last decade in the UK, beating The Beatles, Robbie Williams and Queen.
WebHostingBuzz.com has launched a VPS web hosting service, it was reported recently.
Pillar Data Systems today started official operations in The Netherlands after it brokered a partnership with leading Dutch systems integrator Qi ict.
Government today reiterated that it has nothing to suppress in 2G spectrum allocation and is ready for a debate on the issue.
Two firefighters were injured Wednesday when an inside tire exploded as they were checking a tractor-trailer in the rear of a business at 68-70 King Spring Road, an official said.
United Airlines parent UAL Corp. said it didn't file for bankruptcy, after a 2002 Chicago Tribune news report on the carrier's filing was mistakenly republished on a newspaper Web site.
The Canisius College baseball team moved to 8-0 in MAAC play for the first time in program history by sweeping visiting Siena on Saturday afternoon at the Demske Sports Complex.
A new study by the UN health agency and its partners has found that fewer newborns are dying worldwide but progress is too slow, and Africa in particular is being left further behind.
Police are investigating a stabbing in North Central Regina that sent one man to hospital Friday morning.
Iraq PM's group wins largest bloc in several areas A coalition led by Iraq's prime minister has won the largest single bloc of seats in seven of 12 provinces participating in local elections, and tied in an eighth, although it failed to achieve a majority in any of the districts, electoral officials announced Saturday.
Fleetwood Mac will play the O2 in Dublin in October as part of their greatest hits tour, it has been announced.
Stonestreet Stable owners Jess Jackson and Barbara Banke say Rachel Alexandra, the 2009 Horse of the Year, was bred to Curlin, the 2007 and 2008 Horse of Year, on Monday at Lane's End Farm.
Lightning struck two Stoughton homes Sunday afternoon, heavily damaging a colonial on Christie Murphy Drive and the roof of another home on Daly Drive Ext., a fire official said.
Labour must deal with the recession by not losing its ``nerve'' over public spending, Lord Mandelson has said.
A Brazilian woman was sentenced to federal prison for her role in a worker visa fraud scheme carried out through an Orlando company that supplied temporary labor to area hotels, the US Attorney's Office said Friday.
New signing Rafael Marquez opened his account for New York Red Bull on the weekend.
As many as 1.2m UK businesses are being affected by late payments, according to Tenon Recovery.
``We are getting to a point where we are going to live despite the state, so it will not matter if Julius Malema is foreign minister... we won't care who the president is and might not even bother to vote,'' he said.
A new poll from Quinnipiac University gives Republican Marco Rubio a comfortable lead in Florida's US Senate race.
Nearly 1,000 Tunisian migrants arrived on the Italian island of Lampedusa overnight, where the government has already declared a humanitarian emergency, coast guards said Sunday, cited by AFP.
After a few delays and push backs, Chicago rapper/actor Common has announced the latest official release date for his upcoming album.
Cedric Benson has been charged Tuesday with assaulting a bartender in Austin, Texas on May 30.
Three youths created a flutter in the Jammu and Kashmir ( Images ) Assembly on Monday when they suddenly jumped in the well of the House and raised slogans demanding implementation of employment policy.
A service has been set for a Silo woman who died from smoke inhalation when her home caught fire early new year's day.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Tuesday said some opportunist people have sneaked into her ruling party with a perception that they would remain safe after doing wrongs but she cautioned wrongdoers would never be spared.
General Motors Co. is recalling 426,000 Chevrolet, Pontiac and Saturn mid-size sedans to fix a transmission problem that could cause a car to roll away after the driver has left the vehicle.
State Sen. Brian Birdwell told the Texas Tribune on Wednesday that he didn't vote twice in the 2004 elections and disputed the Texas and Virginia records that say he did.
A 17-year-old student is arrested after bringing a handgun and ammunition to school in Rice Lake.
Ukrainian boxer Wladimir Klitschko was officially awarded as ``Fighter of the Year'' by the World Boxing Organization, according to the official Web site of the Klitschko brothers.
Unforgettable star Daya Vaidya is expecting identical twin boys this summer!
Nepal will send at least five athletes to the Beijing Olympics, said Nepal Olympic Committee on Monday.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Monday that he would appoint a female vice president to give greater representation to women in his administration.
New Jersey Transit trains are back on schedule in and out of New York's Penn Station.
Qatargas, one of Qatar's two exporters of liquefied natural gas, expects to complete scheduled maintenance on two LNG production facilities by the end of May, a source at the company said yesterday.
Unions, activists and artists held a rally on Tuesday, to protest the possible sale of the Los Angeles Times to the Koch brothers, warning that such a sale would turn one of the US's great newspapers into a right-wing mouthpiece.
Sydney Roosters centre BJ Leilua faces three charges after being arrested on the weekend, NSW Police say.
Welcome & Enjoy Watch Virginia Tech vs North Carolina LIVE Streaming Online HD Video Free, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina live online NCAA Football Instant Streaming Internet TV, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina live American College Foot boll Match Today, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina Live Streaming Video Coverage Join Now,National Football League Live Online HD TV Links,NCAA College Football-2011 Live Online Now, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina Live Stream Online Direct TV Channel Here.
SAN FRANCISCO Charles Schwab Corp. will be cutting at least 100 jobs in an effort to improve operating efficiency.
Power was restored in Lone Tree on Monday afternoon, after a car hitting a utility pole cut electricity to 1,800 customers.
Portuguese media group Cofina , one of the main shareholders in Zon Multimedia , said on Monday it would oppose a merger between Zon and Sonaecom.
A woman poisoned her four daughters and then committed suicide by consuming insecticide Friday in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh after a spat with her mother-in-law.
Freddie Mac, the No. 2 US home funding company, said on Monday it sold $3.5 billion of reference bills at lower rates and higher demand compared with the most recent sales of similar maturities.
The National Electoral Board of Ethiopia said registration of candidates for the upcoming national elections has been extended for additional 20 days.
A scoutmaster pleaded not guilty the magistrate's court, here yesterday to two charges of outraging the modesty of two female students last year.
Mizzou won its first coin toss in the SEC and elected to receive.
Health insurer Highmark Inc. offered voluntary severance packages this week to employees in some departments, as it tries to trim 300 positions from its payroll.
The city of Cascade will flush fire hydrants on the east side of Cascade between 8 am and 4:30 pm Thursday, July 3.
British insurer Aviva has begun the search for a new chairman to replace Colin Sharman, the Times reported on Thursday.
The Children's Home in Binghamton celebrated its 100th anniversary Wednesday with a cake and a gift-wrapped county transit bus.
Well, it took far too long and didn't even come from Nintendo, but it would seem that Super Mario All-Stars finally got the patch it had coming.
Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a US-based pharmaceutical company, announced today it has entered into an exclusive 5-year collaboration agreement with Jaiva Technologies.
ONE of the most wanted Nazi war criminals, Aribert Heim or ``Doctor Death'', thought by Nazi-hunters to be in his 90s and in South America, died in Cairo in 1992, German TV reported.
Tim Cahill has defended Holger Osieck's decision to take him out of Tuesday's win against Iraq, saying coach Osieck ``deserves a lot of credit'' for the Socceroos third straight appearance at the World Cup.
Acura announced on Thursday that the 2013 RDX crossover will start at $35,205 including an $885 destination fee.
Retailers' reports of robust November sales offered more evidence that the lackluster US economy may finally be gaining momentum, despite stubbornly high unemployment.
ZIMRE Property Investments full-year profits rose 66 percent to US$7,5 million on growth in rental income.
Kamo and Hikurangi fire brigades tested their skills in a training exercise at Kauri.
Australian talk show host Rove McManus will star opposite Perez Hilton is a new pop culture gossip show for America's ABC television network.
County Elections Administrator Joyce Cowan has announced that new voter registration cards have been mailed out to Hays County registered voters, beating the April 25 deadline set by court order.
The Indian rupee weakened on Monday as shares fell to their lowest close in 2-1/2 weeks on worries about whether foreign investors will continue to buy into India in the new year, but exporters sold dollars, capping broader losses.
David Dudley of Lynchburg, Va., added to his already impressive list of career accomplishments by winning the Land O'Lakes Angler of the Year title Friday at the Wal-Mart FLW Tour's final 2008 qualifier, the Chevy Open on the Detroit River, Lake Erie and Lake St. Clair.
Hugh Jackman will host the 81st annual Oscars, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences confirmed on Friday.
GameStop is going digital, allowing shoppers to get digital upgrades to previously purchased video games, according to a report.
ANAHEIM, Calif. Matt Hamill won a unanimous decision over Tito Ortiz at UFC 121 on Saturday night, keeping former light heavyweight champion Ortiz winless in the last four years.
RICHMOND, Calif. A pregnant mother of two who was killed in a drive-by shooting in Richmond's Iron Triangle neighborhood Wednesday has been identified as 23-year-old Sharanda Thomas, a Contra Costa County deputy coroner said.
With two weeks left in the season, the playoff picture is clearing up for both Norman High and Norman North.
Malaysian students in Indonesia have been advised not to react to provocation over a boundary issue involving the two countries.
After the allocation of new home decorating OK what plants can effectively absorb harmful substances?
Gurinder Chadha has revealed that she is working on a historical epic about India's independence.
Insider Publishing Ltd, the premier publishing house for professionals and investors in the international insurance markets, announced today that it has agreed to be acquired by Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC.
Violence continued unabated in strife-torn Khejuri for the third consecutive day today as Trinamul Congress workers set ablaze three CPI-M offices and ransacked houses of CPI-M workers including those of the CPI-M's former Khejuri panchayat samity sabhapati Mr Himanshu Das.
Spencer Pratt has apologised to his soon-to-be-ex wife Heidi Montag for his post-split antics.
Moshi Monsters, the child-friendly social network described as Facebook for kids, has announced that it has now hit a whopping 50 million registered users worldwide.
The Turin Film Festival announced Monday that it would honor seven-time Oscar-nominated director Robert Altman by screening more than 40 of his films and a selection of television programs that span the director's 50-year career.
Daniel Amokachi has accused African players of not giving their all when they represent their countries for fear of getting injured and jeopardising their European careers.
A 20-year-old woman facing battery charges in Las Vegas has dropped her paternity suit against singer Justin Bieber.
State police are investigating a fiery weekend crash that left a truck driver in the hospital.
Katherine Jackson is finally returning to her Los Angeles area home after ten days of ``rest,'' her son Randy Jackson tells Good Morning America.
A 6-hour-long blackout of the entire grid left about 370 million Indians with no electricity in the north of the country.
Yes, the answer to our Name That Mystery Coach contest is Jack C. Curtice, who was Stanford's head football coach from 1958-62 and wrote The Passing Game in Football in 1961.
Azerbaijani side fired Karabaki positions for over 444 times in the directions of Hadrout, Martouni, Askeran and Martakert.
The Vietnamese Ambassador to the Netherlands, Huynh Minh Chinh, has signed the Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption.
Companies are growing more pessimistic about the US economy this year and plan to limit hiring as the European debt crisis hurts sales and concern rises over the looming so-called fiscal cliff, a survey showed.
An entrepreneur has been attacked in Baku, sources in the Surakhany district police office reported.
Today Facebook introduced Home, which it calls ''a completely new experience that lets you see the world through people, not apps.
Oshkosh Corp. has received a $158 million order to build more than 400 heavy-transport supply trucks for the US Marine Corps.
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, said it plans to boost capital by 15.3 billion Swiss francs by the end of the year after the Swiss central bank last month urged a ``marked increase.''
Cambridge Bay voters elected a new mayor Dec. 12:
Prime Minister Julia Gillard will outline her vision for the ALP in a speech and web chat on Friday.
German fashion designer Jil Sander, pictured in 2010, is set to make a return to the company that bears her name seven years after resigning, Gala magazine reported on Thursday, quoting industry sources.
Davos is done for another year.
Canada's privacy commissioner says the online social networking site Facebook breaches Canadian law by keeping users personal information indefinitely after members close their accounts.
``Support Butch Davis'', is no longer just a suggestion to University of North Carolina Chancellor Holden Thorp from fans, it's also quickly becoming a movement.
While the focus of the night was on the drivers in the Chase for the Championship, Jamie McMurray stole the spotlight, winning the Bank of America 500.
ED Miliband is to organise a really great anti-apartheid disco that will get everyone totally motivated.
German retail sales unexpectedly fell in November, anchoring expectations for an annual decline in the sector for 2009, data showed today.
And it is this chart that provides a good reason to be bearish on AAPL.
Drug Take Back Day is Saturday and the Mason County Sheriff's Office is reminding the public that there are two drug take back receptacles available to the public 24 hours a day seven days a week.
A cyclist was charged after being struck by a car at the corner of Murphy and London Roads Monday night.
iPass announced today that it is moving into the consumer market.
Internet pioneer AOL, seeking to reinvent itself as a force in online news, announced Monday it is buying The Huffington Post, the fast-growing news and opinion website, for $315 million.
Water has been restored to two Frederick shopping centers after a water main break, authorities said.
NEW YORK - Sara Lee Corp. Chairman and CEO Brenda Barnes will step down permanently to focus on improving her health following a stroke, the food maker said Monday.
kind, unkind, and charitably critical -- will be written about Oral Roberts, who died today at the age of 91.
Robin Gibb, the famous singer, is suffering from the chronic disease of liver cancer.
In an e-mail sent to customers, Sirius XM has announced the addition of over 20 new Internet channels, which is leading to speculation that their anticipated iPhone and iPod application will be released this week.
Former The Sopranos star Drea de Matteo and fiancée, singer Shooter Jennings, are expecting their second child together.
The Congress today stepped up efforts to placate senior leader Virbhadra Singh who has offered to resign from various party committees which have been set up to prepare for the year-end Assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh.
In the wee hours, a newspaper hawker was looted by a 'policeman' at Magarmal Bagh.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS, NJ ― Another MTV ``Jersey Shore'' cast member has been arrested in the New Jersey town where the show is based.
Polythene UK, the largest broker of polythene film and bags in the UK, is offering free compostable checkout bags to visitors to the easyFairs ECOPACK show next February to help promote the product launch and ultimately persuade consumers, supermarket buyers, and government members to switch to a 'greener' option.
The Beatles, Sir Mick Jagger and Robbie Williams are among those under consideration to appear on the new £10 banknote.
Animal rights activist Elissa Sursara has been hospitalised overnight on the Gold Coast, according to reports.
IndusInd Bank may come down to Rs 230 in next three to four weeks, says Jai Bala, cashthechaos.com.
More than 100 Texas school districts will hold tax rate ratification elections this year, including nine East Texas schools.
May 21, 2013 Police say a bus has collided with a truck in northern India, killing 11 people including seven members of a wedding party.
GO Bus service will come to Kitchener, Waterloo and Cambridge starting October 31st.
Beiersdoft, the skin care group, is to add 80,000 sq ft to its 100,000 sq ft Birmingham warehouse.
On Wednesday the 5th of September, 2012, in the middle of the Democratic Party convention, US democracy took a big hit.
IMF believes that with current policies, Vietnam is importing inflation and needs to take a new approach that makes every effort to reduce the rate to a single-digit level.
Brittany Murphy, the star of ``Clueless'' and ``8 Mile,'' died from pneumonia, with prescription drugs and anemia also playing a role, a coroner's official said Thursday.
Pavel Datsyuk suffered a lower body injury in the third period on Thursday and did not return.
Fort Worth resident Jason Day, winner of the HP Byron Nelson Championship, has climbed to No. 79 in the World Golf Ranking, the loftiest perch in his professional career.
Armenia granted 8 UAZ cars to Kyrgyzstan within CSTO framework.
Hospitals across the US are focusing more on safety and quality amid increasing scrutiny of patient care, prevention efforts and medical errors.
Baseball star Roger Clemens has been acquitted on all charges by a jury that decided he didn't lie to the United States Congress when he denied using performance-enhancing drugs.
A FOX News report states that UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said that he had received information that Gaddafi may have fled to Venezuela.
Despite the latest reports that 69 percent of the Illinois corn crop is in good or excellent condition, excessive rains in some areas of the state have farmers downgrading their dreams of a record harvest.
Southwest announced it will seek mediation assistance from the National Mediation Board in contract negotiations with its dispatchers, represented by Transport Workers Union 550.
--- Time Warner Cable Inc. and NaviSite, Inc. today announced that they have entered into an agreement under which Time Warner Cable will acquire NaviSite, a premier provider of enterprise-class hosting, managed application, messaging and cloud services, for $5.50 per share in cash, or a total equity value of approximately $230 million.
Arab foreign ministers on Wednesday denounced ``crimes against humanity'' being perpetrated in Syria, and called on the Damascus government to stop the violence immediately.
This college football betting preview of the Alabama vs. LSU game is brought to you by SBG Global where the line opened at:
Don Wittman, whose smooth baritone voice called some of Canada's most significant sports, has died of cancer.
Boeing workers in St. Louis have agreed to a new contract to avoid a strike that would have gone into effect Monday.
Lee Westwood followed his career-best 12-under 60 with a 64 on Friday to take a commanding 11-stroke lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Golf Championship.
Karnataka medium pacer R Vinay Kumar will lead South Zone in their four-day Duleep Trophy semi-final match against East Zone beginning on Sunday.
A civil lawsuit will be filed tomorrow against a former Shanley teacher who's had a list of civil suits brought against him in both Minnesota and California.
Columbia Sportswear has announced that it will open a new Columbia-branded retail store at Mall of America in Minnesota on November 21, 2008.
Software major Microsoft on Thursday launched 'Online Services' in India, which will allow small and medium businesses and enterprise customers to access e-mail and conferencing solutions through Internet, for as low as $2/user a month.
Crown Paints now has its third different owner in three years after being sold by UK private equity house Endless to Danish paint manufacturer Hempel for an undisclosed sum.
SummaryIt is not Maharashtra, not even Andhra Pradesh, but Delhi that has the highest number of IT companies in India at 11,740 by the end of January 2011.
On Friday, the judges handling the Italian calcioscommesse affair ruled that Antonio Conte is banned from the bench for ten months.
London, Jan 19 Socialite heiress Paris Hilton made another sex tape of herself, claims a new book.
Former MP Jim Pankiw has been charged with impaired driving, driving with blood alcohol over the legal limit and failing to go for finger printing.
England fast bowler Tim Bresnan has been fined 7.5 percent of his match fee for showing dissent during Thursday's one-day international against India in Mohali.
Ah, the Strictly Come Dancing Halloween special.
The League of Women Voters will sponsor a candidate and issues forum on Tuesday, Oct. 23, in preparation for the Nov. 6 general election.
ASIAN markets see-sawed in nervous trading as concerns about a double-dip recession and a potential default by Greece continued to weigh down sentiment.
A search warrant served by the Lyon County Sheriff's Office Narcotics Division early last Friday morning resulted in the arrest of 26-year-old Yerington resident Aureliano Rodriguez on multiple drug-related charges.
A 12-year-old mentally challenged girl was raped allegedly by her uncle in Jansenville, Eastern Cape police said on Wednesday.
Queensland ministers to be sworn in Updated: 08:50, Tuesday April 3, 2012 Queensland Premier Campbell Newman's team of ministers will be sworn in during a ceremony in Brisbane.
Pakistani actress-model Sana Nawaz has slammed Veena Malik over her alleged nude photo shoot for an Indian magazine.
National Cement SC, located in Dire Dawa, Ethiopia, has started exporting cement to neighboring Djibouti and Somaliland.
LOS ANGELES '' Four executives are leaving Sprint Nextel Corp. in a reorganization that will combine the sales and marketing functions for both its consumer and business units.
Iceland has banned striptease shows, making it an offence for any business to profit from the nudity of its employees.
The annual American Legion medallion treasure hunt begins today, Jan. 3 with the possibility of winning more than $1,000 in prizes.
LOS ANGELES California Pizza Kitchen has expanded its wine list to 31 varieties, most priced at less than $10 per glass, in a response to what company officials noted was an expanding wine knowledge among American consumers.
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. announced that its Tempe, Arizona-based subsidiary, Comtech EF Data Corp., received a $1.7 million equipment order from a mobile network operator in Asia.
A new law will soon allow high school girls to take maternity leave.
Perez Hilton is reporting that in an interview with Rolling Stone, Melissa Etheridge says she is grateful to Taylor Swift, for her teen-positive music.
SMALL wind turbines can halve bat activity in the immediate vicinity of properties, according to new research.
Scam artists might be trying to cash in on natural disasters, like the recent typhoon in Myanmar and China's deadly earthquake.
Companies from the European Union dominate the direct international investors in Turkey with 77.8 percent in the first six months of the year, economy minister says.
A TINY kitten found at the Royal Highland Show after someone mistook her cries for a mobile phone ringtone has been rehomed.
Pakistani police pointed fingers at India after three terror attacks in this eastern city, but Interior Minister Rehman Malik said there should not be any speculation on the issue without evidence.
The major averages have climbed firmly into positive territory but remain well off last week's highs.
Four DeKalb County residents have been arrested on drug charges in Geraldine, according to a release from DeKalb County Sheriff Jimmy Harris.
The Titans play host to the Colts on MNF on Oct. 27, which will be Tennessee's first Monday night game and first prime time game at LP Field since 2004.
MIA has offered up a free stream of her new album /\/\/\Y/\ through her MySpace page.
A suicide bomber struck today inside a popular restaurant in northern Iraq where Kurdish officials were meeting with Arab tribal leaders, killing at least 55 people and wounding about 120, police said.
Jury selection will likely continue through Tuesday in the second-degree murder trial of Harold Johnson, who is accused of killing his estranged wife in August 2008.
The Indians and Reds were scoreless through three innings Saturday afternoon at Progressive Field.
Animal control officers aided by Halifax police have seized two dogs allegedly involved in a fatal attack on a smaller dog earlier this month.
``For today`s trade, Nifty is likely to trade in the range between 4,730 & 4,750 in the upper side and 4,670 & 4,650 in the lower side,`` said the broking house Indira Securities.
Homeless men sleep in a park while people wait in line to purchase pizza from a pizza mobile in Washington October 21, 2010.
Police are calling for prepaid cellphone customers to be registered on a national database to stop criminals using the phones.
President Barack Obama called on US businesses on Saturday to do more to boost the economy by hiring more workers and making investments.
The east-european centre of the Dutch beverage giant Heineken is moving from Vienna to Amsterdam in the next few months.
Sebastien Loeb will take a 6.4-second lead over Citroen team-mate Mikko Hirvonen into the final day of Rally New Zealand after holding the Finn at bay through the four Saturday afternoon stages.
As per reports and information from our sources, OPEC member Qatar is not cutting production as supplies from Libya come to market, the Gulf country's oil minister said here on Friday, adding he did not expect any major changes in output from the oil producers' group when it meets in December.
Charles Schwab is launching a new program this summer, ``Clients Speak,'' which will feature transparent online ratings and reviews from clients.
US Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday arrived in Baghdad on a surprise visit to Iraq, US sources said to the media.
Total US money market mutual fund assets fell $26.49 billion to $2.625 trillion for the week that ended Wednesday, according to the Investment Company Institute.
Mitt Romney has continued his steady march towards the Republican presidential nomination, winning primaries in Nebraska and Oregon.
A woman who lives in the 2400 block said antique hobby trains and a camera were stolen between Nov. 9-13 while the house was unoccupied.
Tate Stevens wins the ``The X Factor'' season finale at CBS Television City on Thursday in Los Angeles.
Amazon.com leads all retailers with the best value perception of all US adults 18+, according to YouGov's BrandIndex, the only DAILY consumer perception research service of brands.
A Sunday fire destroyed the home of a Bethel Road family.
Gossip Girl star Taylor Momsen has joked that she once had sex with a priest in a new interview.
A 19-year-old man is accused of raping a baby at a home near New Smyrna Beach.
Budget carrier GoAir today said it will add seven new daily flights from Mumbai to Ahmedabad, Ranchi, Patna and Bangalore from December 21 to cater to the additional traffic expected in these sectors.
USG Corporation, a leading building products company, announced today that its longtime Chairman, William C. Foote, will retire from the company and its Board of Directors effective December 1, 2011.
Men At Work have lost a plagiarism case after a judge ruled that they illegally used parts of a popular children's song in their 1980s hit 'Down Under'.
Creator of Assassin's Creed Patrice Desilets has been fired from Ubisoft and intends to fight his former employer ``vigorously.''
Two Georgia Tech students were robbed at gunpoint as they left the campus library early Thursday, police said.
Amazon has said it will create 10,000 jobs this Christmas to help it cope with millions of extra orders over the festive period.
UN expressed its concern about tribal violence in South Sudan that claimed hundreds of lives.
``I'm So Tired'' is a Beatles song from the double-disc album The Beatles.
Japan is to launch a fresh stimulus package as the world's second largest economy faces a sizeable contraction, a ruling party official and local media said.
Investigators have determined the cause of a $4.5 million-fire that ripped through a downtown apartment building last week.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott will visit Toowoomba to discuss the Coalition's plan for real action, including the importance of the Toowoomba Bypass.
Tiger Woods said he's ahead of schedule in his recovery from knee surgery and that he intends to make his return to the US PGA Tour prior to the Masters Tournament in April.
Gustine High School track and field athletes competed in a Western Athletic Conference meet Thursday in Patterson, where three Redskins came away with high finishes.
A Freehold police officer delivered a baby at a gas station when the mother began to deliver the baby en route to the hospital.A Lakewood couple was headed to Robert Wood Johnson Hospital in New Brunswick early Sunday morning and realized the baby wasn't going to wait for the 32 mile trip.
WBC Super-Middleweight Champion Carl ``The Cobra'' Froch finally arrived in Denmark on Wednesday afternoon to take on Danish national hero Mikkel Kessler in their eagerly-anticipated Super Six World Boxing Classic second-round meeting this Saturday.
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned Thursday that sweeping military cuts which could be triggered by the failure of the congressional deficit committee to strike a deal ``invites aggression'' from abroad.
North Korea is warning ships to stay away from waters off an east coast missile base, a Japan Coast Guard spokesman said on Friday, suggesting it could be preparing for a short-range missile test.
The Tour of Duty passed through Little Rock as part of a cross-country bike ...
Greek high school students have attacked police stations around Athens in a sixth day of rioting.
Actress Monica Bedi says she ``was a married Portuguese woman with three children'' in her past life - something she claims to have discovered through a TV show.
Dairy Crest, maker of Cathedral City cheese, Yoplait yogurts and Clover low-fat spread, is cutting costs, and considering raising prices and closing a plant.
The Arab Bank received the third prize at the awards ceremony for the Best Website in the Arab Region for 2009 in the banks category for Arab Bank Group website www.arabbank.com.
Potential home buyers are losing confidence in the UK property market, according to the National Association of Estate Agents.
Whitney Houston's body arrives at Fairview Cemetery in Westfield, NJ, where she is set to be buried in a private service Sunday.
Just a few days after Airtel announced the launch of iPhone 3GS phones in India, Vodafone too said that it would soon launch the iPhone 3GS from Apple Inc in the Indian market.
A 45-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the face in Rotorua.
The weaker yen could be a boon for SA exporters of commodities such as coal‚ platinum and iron ore‚ as Japanese demand for raw materials expands due to a more competitive yen.
Turkmenistan auctioned about 650,000 tons of oil products from the Turkmenbashi refinery, and refineries in the Saydi and Nayip gas-processing complex at the State Commodity and Raw Materials Exchange.
Despite the club's off-field problems, Rangers cruised to a comfortable win at Inverness in the Scottish Premier League.
Urdu is a comprehensive language and keeps its doors open to other languages, Government College University Vice-Chancellor Prof Dr Khalid Aftab said on Saturday.
President Barack Obama will visit Australia in November, the White House has announced.
Chris Johnson scored 19 points to lead three players in double digits as St. Bonaventure held on to beat Cornell 72-68 Wednesday night in nonconference action.
A man was stabbed twice Monday evening in JFK Plaza and later found by SEPTA police near the entrance to the station at 15th and Market Streets, a SEPTA spokesman said.
AGON Online, a leading social gaming platform for iPhone, launches games site targeted at end users.
CHOCOLATE giants Cadbury yesterday said higher prices left them on course to beat half-year targets.
Stuart Scott, Magic Johnson, Jon Barry and Michael Wilbon discuss what is next for the Lakers
Isle of Capri Casinos Inc. posted a Q1 loss, due to a hefty impairment charge related to its UK business and an increase in operating expenses.
A Madison County grand jury on today indicted 11 people on various charges, including one man charged with murder.
Dr. Tres Thompson, associate professor in UT Dallas' School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences, found that exposure to loud noises induces plasticity in the hippocampus, a section of the brain not primarily associated with hearing but known for learning-related plasticity.
Nymex crude oil prices gained more than 3% on Wednesday as the weakness in the DX coupled with declining inventories in the US supported prices.
First a flock of birds were found dead in Arkansas and Louisiana, now three dead whooping cranes are found in Calhoun County.
The midwives say they are fed up with the situation which has been going for too long.
Action star Akshay Kumar recently enjoyed a tight slap from an extraordinary monkey.
- United States and Canada today marked the 20th anniversary of the US - Canada Air Quality Agreement, an agreement that has significantly reduced acid rain and smog.
2012-09-24T08:26:42Z 2012-09-24T22:28:30Z Driver in deadly Rock Co. crash arrested for OWI lacrossetribune.com The driver of a car that left a Rock County highway and crashed, killing a passenger, is arrested for operating the vehicle while intoxicated.
NEIL Taylor is set to sign a new four-year contract at Swansea City after another dramatic twist in the saga surrounding the left-back.
Buenos Aires, Jan 13 Argentina is facing a huge scarcity of paper money as a result of which the country has outsourced a printing order for five billion pesos worth of currency to neighbouring Brazil.
Munster scrum half Peter Stringer has been called into the Irish squad to act as cover for Tomas O'Leary.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Wednesday there was ``growing evidence'' that Iran was supplying weapons to Syria to help in the crackdown on pro-democracy protesters.
Universal McCann announced yesterday, Monday, 18 May 2009, that it has launched a digital arm, UM Connect, which it claims ``will elevate digital to its rightful place in the planning process - upfront''.
Finnish handset maker Nokia said it has added a new feature to its location-based services, enabling its smartphone users in Delhi and Mumbai to get real-time traffic updates in their cities.
Kurdish rebels threatened more attacks on economic targets Friday after claiming responsibility for a blast in eastern Turkey that shut down a strategic oil pipeline, an agency close to the rebels reported.
By News Channel 3 Thousands of students, parents and teachers are expected at demonstrations throughout California today to protest education funding cuts.
STOCKHOLM-Truck maker AB Volvo on Friday said its losses widened by 47 per cent in the fourth quarter due to restructuring costs and declining sales but forecast growth in key markets this year.
Ex-bodyguard Fernando Flores allegedly claims she hit her kids with a belt, the UK's Sun newspaper reports.
Chemical weapons are absolutely prohibited under international humanitarian law.
Rents for flats continued their rise during the final quarter of last year.
The military says a Hawaii-based Army medic from Virginia was killed in Afghanistan after his unit was attacked by enemy forces with small arms fire.
A MAN in his 20s has died after being hit by a tram in St Kilda East today.
A Garrett man pleaded guilty in federal court in Johnstown to charges of passing counterfeit money.
Innovation Fuels, the New York based renewable energy company that manufactures, markets, and distributes second-generation biodiesel to customers around the world has announced it has begun selling biodiesel to customers from its Midwestern renewable fuels hub / Port of Milwaukee terminal located on Lake Michigan.
Hussain Kuwajerwala replaces Eijaz Khan as the host of a new dance show on TV
or to be more accurate, 'higher speed' because it's been around for more than 20 years - trading in the Singapore stock market has raised concerns among retail investors, some of whom have asked whether regulators might consider introducing 'circuit breakers', along the lines of those already existing or about to be introduced this week on Wall Street.
Authorities say a state correctional officer has been arrested on a charge of trafficking cocaine in a state prison in North Florida.
Nonni's Foods is opening a new facility in Yadkin County in a building formerly occupied by Unifi Manufacturing.
Mortgage rates are holding still after better than expected early reports regarding home sales and unemployment.
A professor of Manipur University was shot dead by three unidentified assailants on the campus around noon today.
A SPECIAL meeting was held last night to discuss youth violence in Bexley following the murder of 16-year-old Yemurai Kanyangarara.
Gov. Mike Beebe declared 27 counties disaster areas Monday due to storms and flooding that rolled through the state just before Christmas.
Greek civil servants have walked off the job for three hours to protest austerity measures.
A strong earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale hit the whole of Andaman islands early Tuesday morning.
The Kenyan government is being sued for police brutality in the violence following the 2007 election.
Australian skipper Michael Clarke, who suffered his only defeat of the World Twenty20 Cup in the final against England on Sunday, has said that he is not the right guy to bat at number three.
MUMBAI, Sep 30 Private sector lender ICICI Bank on Wednesday sold 4.41% stake in software services provider 3i Infotech for Rs 46.17 crore in open market transactions at both the major bourses in the country.
A West Bloomfield, Mich., doctor accidentally killed a man from Wasilla, Alaska., while on a guided bear hunt, authorities in Alaska said.
Elton John played his 3,000th live public performances on Saturday, October 8, 2011 when he took the stage for ``The Million Dollar Piano'' show at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
A 75-year-old Taylor woman died after a car crash on Highway 10 Monday evening, according to the North Dakota Highway Patrol.
And if you're one of those people awaiting government disaster relief funds, it's small consolation to keep hearing: ``we're going to help you, the cheques are in the mail.''
A robber accidentally pressed the panic button of the house he was robbing, Beeld newspaper reported on Monday.
Socialite and Johnson & Johnson heiress Casey Johnson was found dead today in Los Angeles.
Bord Bia, the Irish food board, was able to report some good news with findings that Irish food and drink exports received a 12 percent boost in 2011.
Chicago Bulls forward Carlos Boozer played Monday against the Sacramento Kings after missing five games because of a sprained left ankle.
AP Writer Former Seton Hall basketball coach Bobby Gonzalez pleaded not guilty Wednesday to shoplifting a satchel at an upscale shopping mall last month.
An event entitled 'Big learning: algorithms, systems, and tools for learning at scale' will take place from 16 to 17 December 2011 in Sierra Nevada, Spain.
Parents need reassurances that the school is safe for their children to attend.
Escapee drug boss Tony Mokbel was smuggled out of Australia on a private yacht in an elaborate plot orchestrated by at least three associates, police say.
A drum line instructor for Byron Center High School was suspended for alleged improper contact with a student through a computer.
Rugby officials are holding talks in Fiji to try to resolve the crisis threatening the country's future in world rugby.
Great Falls police are investigating a case of animal cruelty in which a dog's throat was apparently cut.
In October two more restaurants applied for a liquor license in the dry county and are hoping to follow the trend.
North Carolina forward Ed Davis will miss at least six weeks with a broken bone in his left wrist.
Real Goods Solar, Inc. today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to raise approximately $9.25 million by issuing 3,366,974 shares of Class A common stock at a per share price of $2.75 and warrants to purchase 1,683,488 shares of Class A common stock, with a term of five years from the closing date and an exercise price of $2.75 per share.
Colchester will welcome the return of The Halfords Tour Series for the second successive Summer in 2012, when the unique, team based cycle race series comes to town on Thursday 7 th June.
A new website called FashionVouchers.com has launched in the UK to help fashion lovers save money shopping online by bringing together all the latest fashion voucher codes, offers and sales from hundreds of fashion brands.
Michael Kightly has ended all the speculation about his immediate future by signing a new long-term contract with Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers deal.
The Myanmar central government Thursday invited anti-government ethnic armed groups for peace talks to end internal dispute and build peace in the country, the state radio and television reported.
The NHL has suspended Phoenix Coyotes defenceman Ed Jovanovski two games for a forearm to the head of Minnesota Wild centre Andrew Ebbett.
Mumbai, Aug 7 Actress Priyanka Chopra, who is all set for her innings on small screen as a host, says failure in life and spiders scare her.
Police said a Soweto mother claimed she was possessed when she repeatedly stabbed her nine-year-old daughter on Sunday evening.
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire left Minnesota's game against Baltimore because of a stomach virus.
A mass grave containing about 100 bodies was discovered Saturday in a region north of Baghdad that has seen years of intense fighting between Shiites and Sunni extremist members of al-Qaida in Iraq .
Menafn quoted Ms Aamra al-Beldawi a member of the parliament's oil committee as saying that the Iraq Petroleum Company law will help adopt best management of Iraqi oil resources through dividing missions between the company and the oil ministry.
UK Minister of State for Climate Change and Energy Greg Barker on Wednesday said the UK was committed to investing in green energy despite the global financial crisis and pledged to support India financially to tap solar power.
Richard Holbrooke, the US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, remained in critical condition Sunday following surgery to repair a torn aorta, the state department said.
State and local police are searching for an armed man driving a white GMC Sierra following a confrontation with a woman in Hamilton Township, possibly a domestic dispute.
Noetix Corp., a world-class provider of business intelligence software and services for enterprise applications, today announced it achieved record revenue and profitability during the first half of 2010.
Regulators have shut down a small bank in Florida, boosting to 17 the number of US bank failures this year following the 140 closures last year in the worst financial climate in decades.
Christian women in Chile, along the western coast of South America, have written this year's service with the theme ''How Many Loaves Have You?
Omron has introduced a new pedometer that utilizes Dual-Axis acclerometer technology to record users' daily step count.
The struggling Quebec actress accused of stalking 30 Rock's Alec Baldwin is out of jail now, released on her own recognizance.
A high majority of Australian women return to work within 12 months of having a baby so they can pay personal bills, not because they want to, according to a national survey.
Israel said that 2009 was a record year for acts of anti-Semitism across the world, which were mainly sparked by its war against Hamas in the Gaza Strip a year ago.
POLICE have appealed for information to identify two men reportedly acting suspiciously in Trull Meadows at 2.45pm last Friday.
Today, US and Cuban representatives will meet in Havana to discuss implementation of the US-Cuba Migration Accords.
A Premier League footballer is facing a possible driving ban after he was found guilty of speeding in North Yorkshire.
TEHRAN -Iran will start a five-day aerial defense drill on Sunday in western parts of the country.
A Corpus Christi mother is arrested for injury to a child.
Apple on Friday filed a new, improved and amended complaint against Samsung.
Taipei, Feb. 25 Taiwanese director Ang Lee on Sunday won the 2013 Academy Award for best director, on the 3-D shipwreck epic ``Life of Pi.''
Hurt by constant jibes from senior Congress leaders, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav today hit back saying that he has enough evidence to ``shock'' the Congress and that he has nothing to be afraid of the cases filed against him.
14 more ``Sejonghakdang'' branches opening after thorough examination processes for qualification in the second half of year.
Russia can learn from Americans how to tackle corruption and turn new products into money, President Medvedev has said at a meeting with the US businessmen delegation led by Californian governor Schwarzenegger.
Younger ER patients with heart attack symptoms should be asked if they have recently used cocaine, which can cause similar chest pain, the American Heart Association warns doctors.
US automaker Chrysler will recall 4,783 vehicles exported to China to fix defective fuel tanks that could pose safety risks, China's top quality watchdog said on Friday.
SANA'A, May 24 - President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi met here on Thursday with US Congress delegation headed by Steve Chabot Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia, visiting Yemen currently.
Madonna has reportedly invited Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake to join her onstage for her show at the Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles tonight.
US crude oil price Tuesday rose on positive US housing starts data, strong earnings and a weaker dollar.
Insurgents armed with rifles, rocket-propelled grenades and mortars tried to storm a combat outpost in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, setting off a battle that killed 30 attackers and wounded five coalition soldiers, NATO said.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart aren't lovers, but they ``have a very special bond'', thanks to the ``creative energy'' that they've developed during the filming of their hit vampire movie ``Twilight''.
Manisha Koirala defends that 'Bhoot Returns' is not her comeback film because she has not been absent from the film industry at all.
New flag planned for Fiji Updated: 09:37, Wednesday January 2, 2013 Fiji will get a new flag as it moves closer to a new constitution, the country's leader, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, says.
At least 34 families have been displaced following a large apartment fire in Clarksville on Monday afternoon.
Millions of Muslims are celebrating the Eid al-Fitr festival that ends the fasting month of Ramadan, by participating in feasts, family reunions and other festivities.
11:55p + This is the Shark Fights 13 live blog for Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou vs. Houston Alexander, a light heavyweight bout on tonight's Shark Fights pay-per-view in Amarillo, Texas.
The US imposed preliminary duties on $273 million of glossy paper imported from China and Indonesia, saying it is being unfairly subsidized.
October 5, 2009 - Yes This is true that urinary tract infections can cause impotence.
Indian Premier League chairman Lalit Modi is expected to announce that South Africa will host the relocated IPL.
A report published by the Global Property Guide reveals that prices of property in São Paulo have risen by 20% in the last year.
Anniversary celebrations are planned by several churches, including the First Baptist Church, 89 St. Francis St., which is marking its 137th year.
The Utah Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by a man convicted of strangling and stomping a 72-year-old woman to death at her Glendale home.
The SEC is investigating whether Merrill told buyers that hedge fund Magnetar helped select assets for a $1.5 billion collateralized debt obligation known as Norma, the paper reported.
Five top young Central Florida scientists will compete this weekend for scholarship money and other prizes in the annual Dr. Nelson Ying Science Competition.
A suspected shoplifter threatened a loss prevention officer with a pruning tool, then ran into another store where deputies found him hiding behind a stack of shoes, according to an Indian River County Sheriff's Office report.
Jefferson County health officials say a sick bat found in a backyard in Wheat Ridge has tested positive for rabies.
Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan has kept faith with his World Cup flops for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
The Cabinet of Ministers will consider the results of investigations into financial discipline at ministries and other central executive government agencies at its regular meeting on Wednesday.
13:05 Not to be outdone by competing browsers, Google has released Chrome 18, which, aside from receiving the usual slew of security related fixes and a bundling of the latest version of Adobe's Flash Player, features a boost in 2D performance and 3D compatibility.
A house party turned violent overnight resulting in one man getting stabbed.
Russia has placed an order for inflatable copies of its tanks, aircrafts and even missiles at a cost of 2,000 pounds per model to mislead enemies.
Molly Meldrum improving 'week by week' Updated: 23:52, Sunday February 12, 2012 Molly Meldrum is improving 'week by week' but may have lasting problems resulting from his fall, a health care professional involved in his treatment says.
He will play the Air Canada Centre in Toronto Aug. 8 and the Bell Centre in Montreal Aug. 12.
Peter Andre has found new love in X Factor winner Alexandra Burke after his split with ex-wife Katie Price, according to sources.
A Philadelphia couple traveling to Jackson to participate in the Dixie National Rodeo were found dead this morning in the living quarters of their horse trailer at a Scott County campground.
Stony Plain RCMP said that a pedestrian was killed while walking along Highway 43 near Gunn, Alberta on February 2.
City Union Bank and South Indian Bank are looking good at current levels, says Jagannadham Thununguntla, Strategist & Head of Research, SMC Global Securities.
Roy and Kathy Ferguson of Bloomfield will celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary with an open house from 2-4 pm on Sunday, June 23 at the Antioch Community Building.
Queensland opposition leader Campbell Newman says he has nothing to fear if he is called before the Queensland Floods Commission of Inquiry.
Just days before the release of its new iPhone 4, Apple announced today that it has sold 3 million iPads.
After Housing minister Gautam Dev, it was Minister for Urban Development Ashok Bhattacharya who took on Mamata, accusing her of double standards.
Acute diarrhoea occurred in two more provinces, Ha Nam and Vinh Phuc, bringing the number of the disease hit localities in Vietnam to ten.
Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland said Magglio Ordonez will reach the plate appearance incentive in his contract that will give the outfielder an US$18 million option for next season.
R. Allen Stanford, the international financier convicted of charges connected to a $7 billion Ponzi scheme, was sentenced Thursday to 110 years in prison.
Malaysian authorities on Sunday deported a young Saudi journalist accused of insulting the Prophet Muhammad on Twitter, a police official said.
RIGHTS activists have backed striking workers, saying their actions are justified because the salaries of Asian expatriates are too low.
Sheboygan Police are investigating a car fire that occurred overnight.
Nigel Kennedy, the self-proclaimed ``bad boy of classical music'', has been questioned by police after a drugs raid on a party in his five-star hotel.
Hundreds of Taiwanese protesters surrounded a hotel Wednesday where a Chinese envoy was attending a dinner banquet, tossing eggs and trying to block his car from driving away.
Lorraine Kelly is reportedly set to become the new face of ITV's breakfast show, Daybreak.
TIM Groenewald has been released by Warwickshire and become Derbyshire's second acquisition since the end of the season following the move by Garry Park, the Durham batsman Garry Park, to the Division Two club.
The lawyer of Husain Haqqani former ambassador to US, Zahid Hussain Bukhari said Mansoor Ijaz has ridiculed the commission by not appearing before it despite promising twice, our sources reported.
Sudanese President Omer al-Bashir on Wednesday swore in Sudan's new cabinet of 35 ministers and 42 ministers of state Wednesday.
Accor, one of the world's largest hotel companies, is expanding in Abu Dhabi with a focus on budget and mid-market lodging, despite the recent decline in room rates and occupancy levels.
Former title holders Esperance of Tunisia and JS Kabylie of Algeria maintained perfect records in the African Champions League group phase with narrow weekend victories.
Two investment companies that sold structured products backed by the failed investment bank Lehman Brothers went into administration today, paving the way for investors to receive compensation.
Police say a train struck and killed a man in downtown Shreveport.
Most offices will be closed for Arbor Day.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy arrived Monday in Spain for a high-profile state visit aimed at reinforcing cooperation against terrorism and organized crime.
India has no plans to tax or curb capital outflows, a top finance ministry adviser said on Monday, adding the economy could still grow at around 8 percent in the current fiscal year to end-March despite increased global economic uncertainty.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress Tuesday the economy is suffering through a ``severe contraction'' and pledged to use all available tools to lift the US out of the recession that already has cost millions of Americans their jobs.
Reports are a little sketchy at this point, but it is believed that something happened in Droitwich over the weekend, and the locals are deeply concerned.
BoatUS has five hard questions you need to ask your boat's insurance agent before you renew your boating policy.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Sunday said that Pakistan was committed to provide fullest cooperation to Afghanistan to help it steer through the transition period and beyond.
Bahrain is expected to ratify a planned Gulf single currency by next week, after the lower house of parliament cleared the project yesterday, an official said.
A Nicholas County man is in jail after allegedly stabbing an ambulance worker and then stealing the ambulance.
He destroyed former WBO champion Enzo Maccarinelli inside two rounds in one of the most eagerly awaited fights in the UK in the last fifteen years.
A 31-year-old Greenwood man is behind bars today at SCI, after leading Harrington police on a vehicle and foot chase Sunday.
No community, including Hindus, can claim majority status in India as it is essentially a country of people with various beliefs, Congress leader and former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor said here on Tuesday.
Community college workers in the province, including those at Marconi and Strait area campuses, have voted in favour of a strike action in an attempt to gain wage increases and improvements similar to those given to public school teachers this year.
For the sixth year in a row, Oregon gets a failing grade in tobacco prevention funding, the American Lung Association said in an annual report Thursday.
Tributes are flowing in for Neil Armstrong, the quiet, self-described nerdy engineer who became a global hero when he stepped on to the moon.
Super Eagles Captain Joseph Yobo has said Zambia must fall in today's Orange Africa Cup of Nations group C match.
Income tax payers are likely to get a major relief in the Budget as the government prepares itself to please the middle class in the election year.
The Montgomery County planning staff is recommending that light rail be used for the proposed Purple Line.
A 4.1 earthquake hit near Yorba Linda at 9:33 am, the latest in a series of earthquakes to hit the area.
Haryana will introduce the public audit system for effective implementation of public distribution system in the state, said Food and Supplies Minister Mahender Partap Singh here Saturday.
Four LSU football players hired a defense attorney and put off a meeting with police about a bar fight that started when a patron honked at a crowd blocking his exit from a parking lot, Baton Rouge police said Sunday.
Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited, a leading interactive entertainment media company in China, and Shanda Music Group Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanda, today announced final results and completion of the tender offer for 1,155,045,300 ordinary shares, par value $0.00005 per ordinary share, of Hurray!
US Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said Saturday he sees a ``path to victory'' should he run for Senate next year, adding that he's close to a decision.
Two retail jewelers in Watsonville, Calif., are facing misdemeanor charges for allegedly purchasing secondhand jewelry without proper licensing or crime-prevention procedures, according to the Register-Pajaronian newspaper.
In a gruesome incident, the Maoists killed 10 policemen at Mahuliatand village in Nawada district in Bihar.
Former Coronation Street star Bill Tarmey, who played Jack Duckworth in the soap, died this morning in Tenerife aged 71, his family said.
US recording artist R. Kelly will release Untitled, his 10th studio album, Oct. 13, Jive Records announced Wednesday.
What we sometimes forget is that it also takes a team to educate a student.
The New Orleans Saints say head coach Sean Payton left the hospital this morning.
Actress Isla Fisher loves being married to comedian Sacha Baron Cohen but she admits that ``it's not a normal life to lead'' especially when its more normal to talk about getting death threats than whether they've done the house chores.
Nick Heidfeld is to replace the injured Robert Kubica at Renault for the foreseeable future.
S. Kocharian stated that the Armenian-Iranian relations, which have existed for thousands of years, are at a high level today: there is a political dialog and economic cooperation, active cultural ties have also been established.
A Hankins Middle School teacher assaulted a student has been released from the hospital, a spokesperson for the Mobile County Schools System said Wednesday.
A Kenyan court on Wednesday jailed 11 Somalis for five years each for piracy on a Liberian-flagged merchant ship in the Indian Ocean last year.
US Television star Kelsey Grammer, best known from 'Cheers' and his sitcom 'Frasier,' nearly died after suffering a heart attack last month, he told US showbiz news program 'Entertainment Tonight.
Former US Vice-President Dick Cheney has been released from hospital after suffering a mild heart attack, his fifth in 32 years.
Wild forward Brad Staubitz and Blue Jackets defenceman James Wisniewski were suspended indefinitely Saturday pending a hearing and the completion of a review by the NHL's department of player safety.
A man died of a medical condition following a structure fire in Gladwin County's Grout Township Wednesday morning.
Pollack, who won the Oscar for best picture and best director for ``Out of Africa'' in 1985 and earned praise for his performances in films that included ``Tootsie'' and ``Michael Clayton'', was surrounded by his family when he died at his home in the coastal Los Angeles suburb of Pacific Palisades at 5pm local time.
Unfair letting agent renewal fees should be scrapped, according to the National Landlords Association as it welcomed a court order secured by the Office of Fair Trading against a High Street letting agent.
A Deeside pensioner and his dog had a lucky escape from a house fire started by a chip pan.
The head of US Central Command said Sunday that Al Qaeda is no longer operating in Afghanistan, with its senior leadership having moved to the western region of Pakistan.
Yemeni tribesmen on Friday kidnapped a South African woman and her two sons in southern Yemen, demanding the release of a relative held by police, AFP reports.
A Splendora man was allegedly shot in the shoulder by his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend late Sunday night, according to a Montgomery County Sheriff's Office press release.
Two men, found innocent on animal cruelty charges, have now filed a lawsuit against a southern Kentucky sheriffs department.
MBIA Inc., the bond insurer locked in a three-year legal battle with Bank of America Corp., is paying executives $11.4 million in cash bonuses to stay with the company for at least three more years.
India's second-largest IT company, Infosys Technologies, is reportedly reviewing its employee rating system, iRace --
Paramedics had to ``glue'' the woman's leg back together after the woman was attacked on Saturday while walking along Denmark Road in Lowestoft at about 5pm.
Kirk Cameron has responded to critics of his antigay remarks, saying he spoke honestly and has been encouraged by the support he's received from friends, including gay people.
Negative emotions such as sadness and anger increase pain in women -- but the increase is similar in those with and without fibromyalgia, researchers reported.
Les Miles says his LSU staff has a plan for the short turnaround between this Saturday's home opener against Northwestern State and next week's Thursday-night matchup at Mississippi State.
Price of Kuwaiti crude dropped by USD 1.12 to settle at USD 51.05 per barrel on Tuesday compared to Monday's price of USD 52.17, according to Kuwait Petroleum Corporation on Wednesday.
On Monday, the metal prices showed a mixed trend on the non-ferrous metal market as prices of nickel, copper and lead rose moderately on increased demand from industrial users.
The developer of a residential park in Telipok near here has been given two months to inspect and submit full reports to the authorities on defects to two of its semi-detached houses there.
President Obama toured a Chrysler plant in Michigan today and touted the success of the Government assisted bankruptcy that GM and Chrysler went through last year.
Bain Capital, the second-largest shareholder of Gome Electrical Appliance, may cut its holdings in Gome, reports the Guangzhou Daily.
Turkey and Iraq have decided to ink 40 agreements next month for strategic cooperation between the countries at the first ministerial meeting here on Friday.
France is in talks with the United States and Israel to buy intelligence-gathering drones to build up a modern fleet, Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Sunday, May 19, 2013.
Music mogul Simon Cowell has not yet signed his new £12million contract with ITV leaving his X-Factor future unknown.
The party-pooping Philadelphia Phillies rallied in the ninth inning to edge the Toronto Blue Jays 7-6 on Friday in front of a raucous, near-capacity crowd celebrating the start of the Canada Day holiday weekend.
Valentino Rossi, six times MotoGP world champion and one of the world's best-loved sportsmen, will contest this year's Wales Rally GB -- the final round of the FIA World Rally Championship - in a car bearing support for the BBC's Children in Need appeal.
New eco-friendly homes in Somerset are using a ``thermal envelope'' to ensure they are energy efficient.
Washington's No. 2 diplomat said the US is open to dialogue with North Korea if it helps get international nuclear disarmament talks started again, and urged the regime Wednesday to take advantage of the opportunity.
Courts should not show ``sympathy'' towards rapists who have ruined the lives of young girls to satisfy their lust, the Delhi high court has said, cautioning that letting them off can encourage others to commit such offence.
Michael Jackson was 'probably' addicted to Demerol supplied by his dermatologist, a defence witness claims.
Jarkko Nieminen of Finland beat fifth-seeded Nikolay Davydenko 6-3, 7-6 in the second round of the Open Sud de France on Wednesday, defeating the Russian for the first time in 10 years and reaching his second quarterfinal of the season.
Relay For Life reached the finish line Saturday morning.
A cent-per-cent channel centric vendor, QlikTech is scouting for implementation partners.
Captain Nemanja Vidic has criticised Manchester United for their defending in their last two games.
High-profiled whitegoods and electronics retailer Clive Peeters has suspended its shares from trading on the Australian Securities Exchange due to the discovery of ``accounting discrepancies'' that may affect its end-of-year financial results.
Walter Martinez helped Honduras temporarily put aside thoughts of the political turmoil in its country with a goal in the 36th minute of the first half to beat Canada 1-0 and advance into the CONCACAF Gold Cup semifinal.
A Stratford man was arrested Monday morning for breaking into his ex-girlfriend's apartment and vandalizing her home and car, police said.
COMPUTER games are bringing families closer together, new research indicates, contrary to the commonly held belief that they make us anti-social.
The body of a man has been found washed up on a beach in Suffolk.
Molinari has charged up the leaderboard in the second round of the European PGA Championship on Friday.
Shruti Haasan is all set to make more news after she confirmed that she got a nose job done recently to look better.
The Queen made a poignant visit to Woolwich barracks on Friday morning to pay tribute to murdered soldier Drummer Lee Rigby, who was tragically murdered last week.
Andy Roddick, shown during the French Open, will lead the US team into Croatia for a Davis Cup quarterfinal series July 10-12.
The Indonesian and Thai Navies are holding joint anti-terrorism simulation training in Balikapapan waters, East Kalimantan, to anticipate terrorism crimes at sea.
A new $2.1 million program to help needy Buffalo residents save on heating bills by making homes more energy-efficient was announced Monday by the state Attorney General's Office.
The Sumner Hill Man to Man Breakfast is Friday in the school cafeteria.
A record number of British shoppers feel they have no spare cash as the higher cost of living and Government spending cuts hit bank balances.
Scientists have identified digoxin as a possible therapy for prostate cancer, using a combination of laboratory science and epidemiology that is unprecedented in its cooperative nature.
A young Brooklyn man was found with his throat slashed in his basement apartment Tuesday, and cops believe he may have been killed by a man he planned to sleep with, police sources said.
News 10 has learned that a tree fell on a person on 8th Street near Collett Park in Terre Haute on Friday afternoon.
From Bi-Rite to the Tomato Tart, Mission residents are responding to the crisis in Japan with what they know best: food.
A second woman has revealed that she had a relationship with David Letterman while she was an intern on The Late Show.
Angelina Jolie says that she eventually plans to ``fade away'' from acting so she can concentrate on raising her six children with partner Brad Pitt.
THE search for a second body in the case of missing 22-year-old Sian O'Callaghan has now moved to Gloucestershire.
The rising incidence of malignancy of prostrate has worried cancer experts, who believe that if not contained the disease may assume an epidemic form.
Desalination plant to be left on standby Updated: 08:09, Friday October 5, 2012 South Australia's government is facing calls to explain why its new 1.8 billion dollar desalination plant is to be mothballed, possibly until the next drought.
``That's So Raven'' star Raven-Symone is headed to town as a guest of The Gala on Derby night.
The new panama city beach library opened it's doors to the public Wednesday morning.
Russia called on Tuesday on North Korea to return to international talks on Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
Debt is slavery... or at least indentured servitude of the worst kind.
A CHINESE boy is being cared for by social workers after immigration officials raided two city restaurants.
The Government was today urged to nationalise AIB following the announcement by the bank that it recorded a full-year net loss of €2.65billion, its first ever full-year loss.
Technical Analyst, Ashwani Gujral is of the view that Tech Mahindra may correct to Rs 615-620 but over a medium term it could go to about Rs 830-850.
Jackson said he hopes to return from a broken hand in time for the Bills' regular season opener Sept. 12.
Pakistani troops say they killed 15 militants during a pre-drawn gunbattle near the border with Afghanistan on Sunday.The fighting took place in the Mohmand tribal area, where the Pakistani military is trying to flush out Taliban insurgents.Local officials say the clash began when at least 40 militants attacked a security checkpoint.
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd stood firm Wednesday against Japan's whaling, saying he would consider legal action, but shrugged off charges that he had ignored relations with the longtime ally.
Live-wire Lindsey Buckingham, not croaky Stevie Nicks, carried Fleetwood Mac Sunday night at the X.
Cineplex Entertainment today announced plans to build a new theatre in southeast Calgary at Seton Boulevard and Deerfoot Trail.
A policeman from Coleraine has had charges against him dismissed at North Antrim Magistrate's Court.
AMIkids, formerly known as Associated Marine Institutes, unveils a new name, corporate logo and brand identity to reflect its national presence and track record of redirecting over 95,000 troubled youth who have been referred by the juvenile justice system or have failed in traditional school settings.
Phil Hughes is throwing harder now than he did last year, said Yankees catcher Jose Molina.
In an interview in the New York Times on Tuesday, New York City Council speaker and Democratic mayoral candidate Christine Quinn opened up about her long struggle with bulimia and alcoholism, and her eventual path to recovery.
A man found dead in the Fraser River in Prince George on July 29 has been identified as Colin Oliver Wesley, 65.
A man died Thursday after he was pinned between a truck and a trailer at Clayton Homes.
Youth participation in decision-making processes is to receive a boost to enable the youth to voice out their concerns on a united front as political parties campaign for the December general elections and beyond.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates have recently seen an all-time low but have bounced off its all-time low.
Purdue Police report that a Purdue University student, 19, said she was assaulted on campus earlier today.
The global economic outlook is improving slightly with the International Monetary Fund lifting its global growth forecasts for the next 18 months as the feared effects of the credit crisis turn out to be not as bad as expected.
OK, I wrote this is response to a series of threads where people respond to this graduation speech; the gist of it ``Your parents lied to you, you were not special, and the Chinese can churn out thousands of talented people to replace you.''
A MILLION thoughtless drivers have now been caught flouting the law by using mobile phones at the wheel.
International Cricket Council President Sharad Pawar has said the Pakistan tour of England will continue as planned and tour will not called-off.
APOPKA, Fla. ― A central Florida woman accused of leading deputies on a high-speed chase through three neighboring cities is behind bars.
While thousands are trying to overcome the devastating effect of the Queensland floods, two local women are doing their bit to help out in any way they can.
Hollywood actress Katie Holmes has sparked pregnancy rumors after she was spotted with a slight baby bump.
Lindsay Lohan is too ``incredibly talented'' to fail at a career comeback, according to her new manager.
REUTERS/Ray Stubblebine A lackluster Novak Djokovic survived an unlikely battle with American world number 276 Jesse Witten before clinching a 6-7 6-3 7-6 6-4 victory in the third round of the US Open on Saturday.
The family members of the missing persons here Saturday staged a protest and asked the chief justice to help them recover their relatives.
Zynga launched CityVille, it's mega-city building game.
Sarkozy will open the Pacific Games in seven hours time.
Major jihadist networks released a joint statement on the Syrian revolution and what they see as an attempt by the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad to deceptively fight it.
China slammed Hollywood actor and ``Batman'' star Christian Bale Wednesday for ``creating news'' after he was roughed up by security guards as he attempted to visit a blind legal activist whose detention has sparked a domestic and international outcry.
Union Bridge adopted a debt management policy by the state's Oct. 1 deadline at Monday night's Town Council meeting.
A Tamil website giving Puducherry news was recently launched by Chief Minister N. Rangasamy.
Silvio Berlusconi, who is facing trial for allegedly paying an underage girl for sex, laughed off the ``bunga bunga'' scandal recently by joking about how many women have slept with him.
A Manchester man was indicted last week for trafficking jewelry stolen from a Barnegat home, according to the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office.
The Hancock County commissioners have bought another flood prone property in an effort to reduce damages from flood waters.
Los Angeles, April 30 Socialite Paris Hilton has confirmed that she is back with ex-fiance and fashion model Jason Shaw.
Orlando Bloom has pulled out of Lone Scherfig's 'An Education' just days before shooting was set to begin, citing scheduling conflicts.
The NHL General Managers met Tuesday to discuss a number of topics.
A 53-year-old woman was found dead in her apartment by a neighbor and her landlord Thursday morning, and the Shenandoah County Sheriff's Office is now waiting for a cause of death from the Office of the Medical Examiner.
CHINA will overtake Japan to become the second largest economy in the next two years, giving Beijing greater clout on the world stage and boosting the ruling Communists' stature at home, analysts say.
Miami Dolphins receiver Brandon Marshall has provided the state attorney's office with a statement about the stabbing that sent him to the hospital more than two months ago.
The grant will be used to fund a local information brochure about the services available in Cowra for cancer sufferers and their carers.
The Daily Mail reports that Roy Keane has been sacked by Ipswich after a run of bad results saw the side slump to 19th place in the Championship.
It may surprise some people that the benefits of exercise were known long ago and far away.
Starbucks Corp. plans to introduce new warm breakfast pastries next week, the company said Tuesday.
He ain't no Muhammad Ali, but the sports world has crowned him the ``Greatest of All-Time'' once again.
A LIMASSOL resident was shocked yesterday to discover that furniture stored in the basement of her apartment building was stolen to light churchyard bonfires, or lambratzia as they are known.
Along with being manufactured in Oshawa, Ontario for the North American market, the Cadillac XTS sedan will begin production in China, for the Chinese market.
The San Diego Padres today announced they have acquired right-handed pitcher Cory Burns from the Cleveland Indians in exchange for outfielder Aaron Cunningham.
SEATTLE Who loves Lucy?
Almost 7 million UK adults are living well beyond their means by spending more than they earn to fund their lifestyle, a new survey by Bright Grey has found.
Lucknow, Dec 23 Steel Minister Beni Prasad Verma today said Uttar Pradesh could emerge as a centre for primary steel as well as trained workforce, and would develop faster once it starts producing raw material for big industries.
MSNBC chief Washington correspondent and Today contributor Norah O'Donnell, 34, and her husband Geoff Tracy are expecting their third child in July.
Internet security specialist Comodo has acquired DNS.com, a managed domain name system services provider.
If you're like most Australians, you probably prefer the certainty of the status quo, but there are some important changes taking place in our property markets that all investors must understand.
The Cathedral City Finance Department received an award for excellence in financial reporting for the sixth year in a row, city officials announced Friday.
Former Spice Girls star Geri Halliwell largely avoids alcohol and sugary foods in a bid to stay healthy and alert for her young daughter.
A Blount County grand jury indicted a Madisonville woman who is accused of trying to hire two men to vandalize the vehicle of her ex-husband's new wife.
House Foreign Affairs Committee member Rep. Donald Payne, DN.J., died Tuesday at the age of 77 from cancer.
Hair product mogul Vidal Sassoon, worth about $150 million at the time of his death, disinherited his son.
July 03, 2011 Vietnamese Protesters Denounce China in Maritime Dispute VOA News About 100 people rallied in Vietnam's capital, Hanoi, Sunday to protest China's recent actions in disputed regional waters.
Stern and two of Anna's doctors, Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor pleaded not guilty today in Los Angeles Superior Court to charges that they illegally supplied her with prescription drugs for years before her passing, Reuters reports.
Apr 12, Clyde Drexler, the much acclaimed NBA basketball player made an appearance on American television on 11th April 2010 for the show ``The Celebrity Apprentice''.
New York State Sen. Thomas P. Morahan, a longtime legislator who championed a law that expanded mental health insurance coverage, has died at a Manhattan hospital.
Josh Beckett picked up first regular-season win in Cleveland -- where he pitched an October gem four years ago -- to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 4-2 win tonight over the Indians, who couldn't quite muster another late-inning rally and lost for just the fifth time at home.
The Orioles purchased the contract of outfielder Nate McLouth on Saturday afternoon and have designated veteran outfielder Endy Chavez for assignment.
US Congressmen Bob Filner, D-Calif., recently introduced two pieces of pro-chiropractic legislation, including a bill that calls on the federal government to expedite expansion of the chiropractic benefit through the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system.
London, May 31 Actress Angelina Jolie says she is attracted to ``vulnerable'' characters and that she can't think of playing fantasy roles like Cinderella.
Carlsbad, Calif.-based ViaSat plans to buy WildBlue for $443 million in cash and $125 million in new common stock.
The European Union probe into potential energy price manipulation has made no adverse findings against Royal Dutch Shell, CEO Peter Voser says at the company's annual general meeting, a week after antitrust regulators raided its offices.
A 20-year-old Penn State student reported she was raped Saturday in State College Borough by a known man, the State College Police Department said.
George W Bush will admit his ``flaws and mistakes'' in a forthcoming memoir that will focus on 14 decisions made during his eight years in the White House.
More big cruises are expected to sail into China this year to meet the growing needs of Chinese tourists.
AUBURN, Ala. Authorities say an Auburn, Ala., infant died after having respiratory trouble during a scheduled visit to a doctor.
The Griffons cantered to an easy 43-8 win over the Valke in a Currie Cup First Division match played at the North West Stadium in Welkom on Saturday.
President Chen Shui-bian will step down today, and is likely to be indicted shortly afterwards for corruption, like his wife, who is standing trial.
The Government needs to double its savings to a massive 15 billion euro over the coming years to meet its own targets, a stark forecast has warned.
With no deal on an income tax cut and no plan to return for a special session, the Oklahoma Legislature adjourned its 2012 session Friday.
Hewlett Packard raised its quarterly dividend by 10 per cent, making good on a pledge to shareholders.
It has been confirmed that Sir Ian McKellen will definitely be returning to his role as Gandalf in the upcoming epic, ``The Hobbit''.
A sculpture of composer Aaron Copland will be unveiled at Tanglewood.
AP Business Writer ConocoPhillips will sell the remainder of its gas stations in the United States, the company said Wednesday, though Conoco, Phillips 66, and 76 will continue to operate under those familiar signs.
British Energy shares took centre stage as the London market posted steady gains in morning trading.
SA couple charged over porn, child abuse Updated: 07:14, Friday March 1, 2013 An Adelaide couple has been charged with child abuse and pornography offences after police tracked the two down from computer images.
Republican presidential hopeful John McCain is back in North Carolina, rallying supporters to defend what was once a reliably red state.
A Denver firefighter has been injured in a natural gas explosion on the roof of a five-story downtown building.
Ace director Mani Ratnam, who has been admitted to Apollo Hospital in Chennai on Tuesday night after a minor heart attack, is likely to resume work after resting for a couple of days.
News Service Defense and aerospace systems vendor Raytheon has acquired cybersecurity vendor Pikewerks in an effort to add to Raytheon's capabilities to defend against sophisticated threats facing customers in the intelligence, defense and commercial sectors, the companies announced Monday.
Reverse Engineering Drives Expansion of 3D Engineering Solutions CINCINNATI, OH 03/24/08 New field engineers and a Unigraphics software upgrade from NX5 to a Mach 3 bundle provides more capability at 3D Engineering's 15,000 square-foot metrology lab operation in Cincinnati, as well as greater service coverage to customers on-site, anywhere in the world.
In an apparent reference to remarks against the Sangh by Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat today expressed concern over attempts to link Hindutva with communalism and terrorism.
Potomac Edison, a subsidiary of FirstEnergy Corp., continues to conduct vegetation management work across its service area in Western Maryland and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia as part of its ongoing efforts to help enhance system reliability.
A SERIAL Strathearn shoplifter was given porridge for Christmas when he was jailed for 12-and-a-half months at Perth Sheriff Court.
Class of 2010 four-star quarterback Dallas Lloyd will return from his mission to Chile in early April, and report to The Farm in time for summer school.
Brazilian star Robinho signed for Serie A giants AC Milan on Tuesday on a four-year contract for 15million euros from English Premier League side Manchester City where he had an unhappy two year spell.
CHEAPER fuel prices sent inflation falling at its fastest rate for 16 years during October and paved the way for more interest-rate cuts yesterday.
FULL METAL JACKIE adds KUPD/PHOENIX as the newest affiliate of the show on the ENVISION ROCK NETWORK.
Oden is apologizing Tuesday Jan. 26, 2010 for nude photos that have surfaced on the internet.
We are now able to add a few more names to the picture which is believed to have been taken at the Cowra Billiard Room in the 1940's, possibly located opposite where the Breakout Motel currently is.
US markets tumbled Tuesday as escalating violence in Libya turned investor attention to oil price inflation.
Dutch winger Ryan Babel has accused Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez of breaking promises which could wreck his World Cup dream.
After playing guessing games in the media, Olly Murs has officially confirmed that he is returning as co-host of ``The Xtra Factor.''
'Dad's Army' co-creator David Croft has died at the age of 89.
Craig Levein has agreed a deal in principle to become Scotland manager and is set to be officially unveiled on Wednesday.
Warren Buffett says it is ``quite clear stocks are cheaper than bonds'' right now, but notes that relationship will change eventually when confidence in the economy is inevitably restored.
A Welsh pub has been banned from selling alcohol for a month as part of a series of tough measures to reduce bad behaviour, the local council said today.
Calif. teen charged in theft of celebrity chef's Lamborghini, police say he kept weapons cache
Japan, mired in its worst stand-off with China in years, warned on Tuesday that all sides must avoid ``extreme nationalism'' and stressed the wider region's need for Asia's two biggest powers to get along.
The Mexican army seized over 12.3 tons of marijuana at a checkpoint in the country's northwestern state of Sinaloa, the army said on Monday.
Muqtada al-Sadr--the radical Shiite cleric whose militia was involved in some of the bloodiest battles of the Iraq war--returned to Iraq today, after almost four years of self-imposed exile in Iran.
FEMEN group has been officially registered in France, FEMEN said in a press release issued on Friday.
South Korea has formally lifted an import ban on US beef, allowing meat from young cattle to be shipped into the country.
A Pakistani anti-terrorism court yesterday issued an arrest warrant for former president Pervez Musharraf over the assassination of ex-prime minister Benazir Bhutto, a public prosecutor said.
Exide Technologies, an international maker and recycler of lead-acid batteries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on June 10 in US Bankruptcy Court in the District of Delaware.
Arsenal striker Robin van Persie has admitted that he is to discuss his Gunners future next week, insisting that, whatever happens, he will always love the club.
The Islamabad Police have arrested 44 outlaws involved in street crimes and recovered stolen property worth millions of rupees including snatched cars, mobile phones, gold ornaments and other valuables, police spokesman said.
The New Zealand dollar moved in a 1c range against the greenback as the United States currency broadly lost more ground amid troubles in the Middle East.
A Knox County woman is charged with TennCare fraud, accused of ``doctor shopping,'' or using TennCare to go to multiple doctors in a short time period to obtain controlled substances.
Dempsey tweeted Friday night that ``there are two sides to every story,'' and ``the truth will come out soon.''
Though it's not much different from the original version, Google has released a new version of Froyo.
Pollenware, a Mission Woods, Kan. company that calls itself the ``global market for working capital,'' on Wednesday announced it has raised a $9.1 million round of funding led by Union Square Ventures of New York.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have taken their first joint trip on the London Underground.
Two surfers who overheard calls for help near Sunset Cliffs helped rescue a man trapped by the high tide.
Chicago Cubs minor league outfield prospect Jorge Soler has been suspended for five games after an incident in Wednesday night's Florida State League game between Class A Daytona and Clearwater.
Joshua, is a master conman who is scheming to impose himself on Ghana, and would turn the country's blessings into curses if he is not told a piece or two.
Deutsche Bank, which has navigated the crisis better than many large rivals, plans to hire more investment bankers in the Americas as it readies for an eventual turnaround, a top executive said on Wednesday.
Harry Potter author JK Rowling wins a privacy case appeal involving pictures of her young son.
US Senator Edward Kennedy, a leading Democrat and patriarch of a prominent American political dynasty, has been hospitalised in Boston, a spokesman for a hospital in Cape Cod said on Saturday.
Air China recently introduced the ``Fast Track'' service at the airport of Bangkok to benefit its premium customers.
Eight Notre Dame football players were among 44 people arrested at a house party early Saturday morning.
China will start a program to dispatch 30,000 experts to grassroots units to solve problems at primary level and enhance local talent building, sources with Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security said Wednesday.
A Natchitoches doctor has surrendered his medical license after being accused of improperly prescribing pain medications to a patient.
Jetstar has launched a new campaign looking to ``ease the burden'', which sees it give customers who book with them a 30 cent per litre discount off petrol.
Penn State is banning bags from home athletic events this fall.
Leo Cullen will make his 50th Heineken Cup appearance in the colours of Leinster against his former club Leicester Tigers at Welford Road.
Aker Solutions has signed a contract to design, build and supply heavy oil separation equipment to an floating production, storage and offloading vessel operated by OSX, an EBX group company, in Brazil.
Police know how thieves made off with more than $20,000 worth of iPods from a local Best Buy early yesterday.
Openly gay actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson wants to marry Alec Baldwin in New York, but can't because gay marriage is illegal in the state.
Frontier Airlines today announced new nonstop service between its Denver, Colo., hub and Cincinnati, OH, with six weekly nonstop flights beginning on May 16.
The Knights clinched first place overall and became OHL regular-season champs for the fifth time in the last decade with a 3-0 win over the last-place Erie Otters with their wiry backup kicking aside 19 shots before 4,504 Saturday night at Tullio Arena.
Conn. Democrats plan debate on whether to censure Sen. Lieberman, ask him to leave party
